Clinical studies have shown that testosterone ( T ) suppression occurs immediately after administration of the starting dose . <SEP> 96% of the patients have plasma testosterone levels corresponding to medical castration ( T 0 . 5 ng/ ml ) after one month .
The principal adverse reactions associated with the administration of mycophenolate in combination with ciclosporin and corticosteroids include diarrhoea , leucopenia , sepsis and vomiting . <SEP> There is evidence of a higher frequency of certain types of infections ( see section 4 ) .
No dose recommendation can be given for the co- administration of amprenavir and Kaletra . <SEP> But close monitoring is advised because the safety and efficacy of this combination is unknown .
PK/ PD relationship was observed between stomatitis and AUCs in autologous patients . <SEP> Between bilirubin increase and AUCs in a combined autologous and allogeneic patient analysis .
This medicinal product contains thiomersal ( an organomercuric compound ) as a preservative . <SEP> Therefore , it is possible that sensitisation reactions may occur ( see section 4 ) .
The dose can be increased to the 8 mg/ 4 mg tablets after eight weeks if needed . <SEP> This should be done with caution , due to the risk of fluid retention .
8 Sorivudine and analogues: a clinically significant drug-drug interaction between sorivudine and 5-FU . <SEP> Resulting from the inhibition of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase by sorivudine , has been described .
Two randomised phase III comparative studies , involving a total of 326 alkylating or 392 anthracycline failure metastatic breast cancer patients . <SEP> They have been performed with docetaxel at the recommended dose and regimen of 100 mg/ m every 3 weeks .
In a second 12 month recurrence prevention study in manic episode patients who achieved remission with a combination of olanzapine and lithium and were then randomised to olanzapine or lithium alone . <SEP> olanzapine was statistically non-inferior to lithium on the primary endpoint of bipolar recurrence ( olanzapine 30 . 3%; p = 0 . 055 ) .
During 1997 the distribution of EPARs and other key EMEA documents will be re-examined to enhance their availability . <SEP> This includes increased active distribution through the creation of a subscription service for all documents and better use of dissemination points .
Tarceva has not been studied for its possible effects on the ability to drive and use machines . <SEP> But it is very unlikely that your treatment will affect this ability .
Renal insufficiency: the pharmacokinetics of efavirenz have not been studied in patients with renal insufficiency; . <SEP> However , less than 1% of an efavirenz dose is excreted unchanged in the urine , so the impact of renal impairment on efavirenz elimination should be minimal ( see section 4 . 2 ) .
It may occur if the insulin dose is too high in relation to the insulin requirement . <SEP> It therefore require special attention during dose intensification as outlined in section 4 .
While taking Cozaar Comp with food and drink , you are advised not to drink alcohol . <SEP> Whilst taking these tablets: alcohol and Cozaar Comp tablets may increase each other s effects .
Diovan is used when a group of medicines called Angiotensin Converting Enzyme ( ACE ) inhibitors ( a medication to treat heart failure ) . <SEP> ACE be used or it may be used in addition to ACE inhibitors when beta blockers ( another medication to treat heart failure ) cannot be used .
Pre- treatment with anti-inflammatory substances may result in additional or increased adverse effects . <SEP> A treatment-free period with such drugs should be observed for at least 24 hours before commencement of treatment .
Following a single intravenous dose of [14C]alendronate , approximately 50% of the radioactivity was excreted in the urine within 72 hours . <SEP> Little or no radioactivity was recovered in the faeces .
Panretin is applied twice a day to the skin lesions , avoiding healthy skin , using enough gel to cover each lesion with a generous coating . <SEP> Then left to dry for three to five minutes before covering with clothing .
Fluticasone propionate given by inhalation at recommended doses has a glucocorticoid anti- inflammatory action within the lungs . <SEP> This results in reduced symptoms and exacerbations of asthma , without the adverse effects observed when corticosteroids are administered systemically .
The MAH agreed that the indication is redundant . <SEP> The first line treatment of pancreatic treatment with gemcitabine is standard of care and agreed to remove it .
Less than 1% of dose-related material is excreted in urine . <SEP> Therefore renal impairment would not be expected to affect the pharmacokinetics of fluticasone furoate .
Patients should be regularly reassessed by a doctor . <SEP> So that the strength of Viani they are receiving remains optimal and is only changed on medical advice .
Agenerase may interact with other medicines that you are taking . <SEP> So it is important that you read the next section Taking/using other medicines before taking this medicine .
The CHMP also assessed the optimal , recommended dose range for bipolar mania and considered , based on the submitted efficacy analysis of risperidone patients , grouped according to their mode daily dose during the study . <SEP> The was demonstrated over the recommended dose range 1 to 6 mg/ day , and that some patients can effectively be treated at doses in the lower end of this dose range .
After an assessment of the documentation provided by the MAH and an evaluation of the current EU- wide clinical practices relating to the use of Pravachol . <SEP> The following was considered to be the most suitable harmonised Section 4 .
Osteoporosis Osteoporosis is a disease that involves the thinning and weakening of the bones . <SEP> It is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men .
You should consult your doctor if you have a rash , since some rashes may be serious; . <SEP> However , most cases of rash disappear without any change to your treatment with SUSTIVA .
Panretin is usually applied for up to 12 weeks at first . <SEP> Panretin continued after this period only on lesions which have responded to treatment .
In four patients , zidovudine-resistant isolates tested in vitro retained susceptibility to nevirapine . <SEP> In six patients nevirapine-resistant isolates were susceptible to zidovudine and didanosine .
In multifocal patients , the risk for CDMS was independent from MRI findings at baseline . <SEP> This indicates a high risk for CDMS because of the dissemination of the disease based on clinical findings .
As with other NSAIDs , the use of piroxicam together with acetyl-salicylic acid or concomitant use with other NSAIDs , including other piroxicam formulations , must be avoided , since data are inadequate to show that such combinations produce greater improvement than that such combinations produce greater improvement than that such combinations produce greater improvement than that such combinations produce greater improvement than that such combinations produce greater improvement than that such combinations produce greater improvement than that such combinations produce greater improvement than that such combinations produce greater improvement than that such combinations produce greater improvement than that achieved
After connection of the limb to the isolated circuit , flow rate should be adjusted to 35 to 40 ml/ litre limb volume/ minute . <SEP> After from limb to systemic circulation checked using a radioactive tracer technique ( see section 4 ) .
Vaccination with Novibac Piro does not prevent infection . <SEP> So a milder form of disease caused by B .
The maximum reduction in blood pressure is generally attained 4 to 8 weeks after the start of treatment . <SEP> It is sustained during long-term therapy .
None of the degarelix-treated patients experienced a testosterone surge; . <SEP> There was an average decrease of 94% in testosterone at day 3 .
In addition to the drug related adverse reactions described above , adverse events ( reported regardless of causal relationship to medicinal product ) occurring in at least 5% . <SEP> More commonly in patients treated with sitagliptin included upper respiratory tract infection and nasopharyngitis .
It is not known whether measles or mumps vaccine virus is secreted in human milk; . <SEP> Therefore , caution should be exercised when M-M-RVAXPRO is administered to a breast-feeding woman .
In addition to the drug-related adverse experiences described above , adverse experiences reported regardless of causal relationship to medication and occurring in at least 5% . <SEP> More commonly in patients treated with TESAVEL included upper respiratory tract infection and nasopharyngitis .
Epoetin alfa obtained by gene technology is glycosylated . <SEP> It is identical in its amino acid and carbohydrate composition to endogenous human erythropoietin that has been isolated from the urine of anaemic patients .
Fill the 13C-urea jar to the brim with water for a second and third time . <SEP> They add these contents to the drinking glass ( total volume of tap water should be approximately 30 ml ) .
Epidemiological evidence regarding the risk of teratogenicity following exposure to ACE inhibitors during the first trimester of pregnancy has not been conclusive; . <SEP> However , a small increase in risk cannot be excluded .
Flu-like symptoms tend to be most prominent at the initiation of therapy . <SEP> Flu-like in frequency with continued treatment .
The study includes correction for the age of the study population , enabling comparisons to the Implanon user population . <SEP> Therefore , the final results of this study will be of relevance also for Implanon .
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use ( CHMP ) decided that the benefits of Soliris are greater than its risks for the treatment of patients with PNH . <SEP> It noted that evidence of the benefit of Soliris is limited to patients who have had blood transfusions in the past .
This will ensure sterility , and prevent leakage . <SEP> This of air , and potential needle clogs .
The 5 -glucuronide of zidovudine is the major metabolite in both plasma and urine . <SEP> It accounts for approximately 50 to 80% of the administered dose eliminated by renal excretion .
In a single-arm , open-label clinical study of treatment with romiplostim in patients with MDS , there were reported cases of progression to acute myeloid leukaemia ( AML ) . <SEP> However this is an expected clinical outcome of MDS and the relationship to romiplostim treatment is unclear .
In a clinical study where a mock-up formulation of aluminium-adjuvanted whole virus vaccine ( AH9/ N2 ) containing 3 g HA was evaluated following a 0 , 10 day schedule . <SEP> It has been shown that a faster onset of protection could be reached as compared to the recommended 0 , 21 day schedule .
For EE , slight increases were observed due to treadmill and other aerobic exercise; . <SEP> However , the Css values following these treatments were within the reference range .
Plavix is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ) , a process known as atherothrombosis . <SEP> This can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ) .
For section 4 , the CHMP implemented a revised wording for the hyperprolactinaemia section , excluding specific mention of prolactinoma and breast cancer . <SEP> Although data supporting a possible relationship between hyperprolactinaemia and risk of some prolactin-dependent tumours exists , the data is still largely inconclusive from a clinical perspective .
The main measure of effectiveness was the change in the speed at which the patients made saccadic horizontal eye movements after a year . <SEP> The study also looked at other neurological symptoms such as the patients ability to swallow and their intellectual function .
The solvent in Profender may stain certain materials including leather , fabrics , plastics and finished surfaces . <SEP> So contact between the product and such surfaces should be avoided .
The Safety of Residues Working Party will continue to progress MRLs for old substances and will complete the guidelines on standardisation of withdrawal periods in milk in early 1997 . <SEP> As well as revising those requirements for MRLs for substances for use in minor species and redefining the target tissues for which MRLs should be established generally .
A number of these ( priorities 1 to 7 ) are explicitly mentioned in legislation . <SEP> The first four represent legal obligations and responsibilities for the EMEA with regard to applicants and marketing authorisation holders .
The effects of ORENCIA in pregnancy are not known . <SEP> So do not use ORENCIA if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it .
Neupopeg contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) . <SEP> It is sodium per 6 mg dose , i .
The safety of this medicinal product for use in human pregnancy has not been established in controlled clinical trials . <SEP> It should only be given with caution to pregnant women and breast-feeding mothers .
A non-typical , more slowly progressive form of infantile-onset Pompe disease has been described . <SEP> It is characterised by a less severe cardiomyopathy and consequently a more prolonged survival .
The steps in place to pursue this goal and the anticipated progress during the coming year are presented below . <SEP> The current resources within the MRL sector are considered barely adequate for the year ahead .
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use ( CVMP ) concluded that the benefits of Profender exceed the risks for cats or dogs suffering from , or at risk from , mixed parasitic infections . <SEP> It recommended that Profender be given a marketing authorisation .
Furthermore since metabolism of varenicline represents less than 10% of its clearance . <SEP> P450 substances known to affect the cytochrome P450 system are unlikely to alter the pharmacokinetics of varenicline ( see section 5 . 2 ) and therefore a dose adjustment of CHAMPIX would not be required .
Adverse drug reactions were defined as treatment-emergent events with suspected causality and excluded non-serious events that were reported only once in a single patient; treatment emergent events . <SEP> An excess incidence of at least 9% compared with placebo were also considered as adverse drug reactions .
OPTISON is a transpulmonary echocardiographic contrast agent for use in patients with suspected or established cardiovascular disease to provide opacification of cardiac chambers . <SEP> OPTISON left ventricular endocardial border delineation with resulting improvement in wall motion visualisation .
In the first study , type A resistant patients ( A-non responders ) were randomised to receive placebo or 10 , 000 U of NeuroBloc . <SEP> In the second , type A toxin responsive patients ( A-responders ) were randomised to receive placebo , 5000 U or 10 , 000 U of toxin .
Many of these patients had signs of local infection including osteomyelitis . <SEP> The majority of the reports refer to cancer patients following tooth extractions or other dental surgeries .
The CHMP noted the pivotal study JHQJ was powered to detect differences in TtDP in overall survival and that the pivotal study for the ovarian cancer had a specific population consisting of platinum sensitive patients with a very poor prognosis . <SEP> The CHMP was of the opinion that the proposed wording was in accordance with the submitted study for the marketing authorisation in this indication .
When preparing a stock solution the maximum concentration should be 40 g per 1500 ml or 400 g of product per 15 litres . <SEP> It is necessary to mix the solution for 10 minutes .
Because animal studies ( see also section 5 . 3 ) have shown a high risk of vaginal bleeding presumably from the placenta and of pregnancy loss . <SEP> The benefit of treatment has to be evaluated against the potential risks which may aggravate an acute life-threatening situation .
He moved to the German Federal Ministry for Health in 1975 where he has served in various posts , including in the division responsible for veterinary pharmaceutical sector . <SEP> In 1990 he collaborated in the reconstruction of the veterinary services in the new federal Lander .
Docetaxel was eliminated in both the urine and faeces following cytochrome P450-mediated oxidative metabolism of the tert-butyl ester group . <SEP> Within seven days , the urinary and faecal excretion accounted for about 6% and 75% of the administered radioactivity , respectively .
It is generally considered inappropriate for weight-reducing drugs to be used during pregnancy . <SEP> Women of childbearing potential should employ an adequate method of contraception while taking sibutramine and notify their physician if they become pregnant or intend to become pregnant during therapy .
Rifampicin: co-administration in 9 healthy subjects of Tracleer 125 mg twice daily for 7 days and rifampicin , a potent inducer of CYP2C9 and CYP3 A4 , decreased the plasma concentrations of bosentan by 58% . <SEP> This decrease could achieve almost 90% in an individual case .
Other antihypertensive agents may increase the hypotensive effects of irbesartan; . <SEP> However , Irbesartan Krka has been safely administered with other antihypertensive agents , such as beta-blockers , long- acting calcium channel blockers , and thiazide diuretics .
Pharmacodynamic effects Aclasta treatment rapidly reduced the rate of bone turnover from elevated post-menopausal levels with the nadir for resorption markers observed at 7 days . <SEP> For formation markers at 12 weeks .
Lisonorm tablet contains 5mg amlodipine/ 10mg lisinopril . <SEP> It is an anti-hypertensive indicated in patients with blood pressure adequately controlled with lisinopril and amlodipine given concurrently at the same dose level .
It is important to tell your doctor . <SEP> If you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see Take special care with Humira ) .
This medicine contains 254 mg of sodium per dose . <SEP> This should be taken into consideration by patients on a controlled sodium diet .
Using a sterile syringe , slowly inject 7 . <SEP> syringe of sterile water for injections in the vial containing the lyophilised Herceptin .
Lapatinib is not significantly renally excreted and is highly bound to plasma proteins . <SEP> Therefore haemodialysis would not be expected to be an effective method to enhance the elimination of lapatinib .
Kinzalkomb may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of other medicines . <SEP> You should consult with your doctor if you need to adjust the dose of your other medicine while taking Kinzalkomb .
Dermatologic related reactions , a pharmacologic effect observed with epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) inhibitors , are experienced . <SEP> Nearly all patients ( approximately 90% ) treated with Vectibix ( see section 4 . 8 ) , the majority are mild to moderate in nature .
Local toxicity and sensitising potential was absent in animal studies . <SEP> But slight irritating properties to the rabbit eye were identified .
A policy on compliance will be developed and implemented . <SEP> To include systematic publication in EPARs of the compliance status of post-authorisation commitments .
The safety and efficacy of Kepivance in children and adolescent patients have not been established . <SEP> The should not be used in children or adolescents until further data become available .
In addition , Kinzalkomb should be used with caution in patients with impaired hepatic function or progressive liver disease . <SEP> In alterations of fluid and electrolyte balance may precipitate hepatic coma .
No treatment was given for the majority of injection site reactions in the Enbrel treatment groups . <SEP> The majority of patients who were given treatment received topical preparations such as corticosteroids , or oral antihistamines .
When renal function is impaired , renal clearance is decreased in proportion to that of creatinine . <SEP> Thus the elimination half-life is prolonged , leading to increased levels of metformin in plasma .
Table 2 lists the adverse reactions recorded in the pooled 104-week NV-02B-007 GLOBE and NV- 02B-015 studies by system organ class and by frequency using the following convention: very common ( 1/ 10 ) . <SEP> Table ( 1/ 1 , 000 to < 1/ 100 ) ; very rare ( < 1/ 10 , 000 ) .
The risk of myopathy during treatment with HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors is increased with concurrent administration of ciclosporin , fibric acid derivatives , macrolide antibiotics including erythromycin , azole antifungals , or niacin . <SEP> On rare occasions has resulted in rhabdomyolysis with renal dysfunction secondary to myoglobinuria .
Most patients treated with Zevalin experience a severely reduced number of blood cells . <SEP> This needs some time to normalise again after treatment .
Survival and tumour progression have been examined in five large controlled studies involving a total of 2 833 patients . <SEP> Four were double-blind placebo-controlled studies and one was an open- label study .
The maximum volume which can be measured with the dispensing syringe is 5 ml . <SEP> Therefore steps 3-5 must be repeated for dosage volumes greater than 5 ml .
The steroid is in a special chemical form ( a diester ) that makes it effective at low doses in skin conditions . <SEP> The medicine is able to get into and remain longer in the outer layer of the skin .
Doxycycline , generally in the dose of 100-200 mg daily . <SEP> It has been widely used in clinical practice for the treatment of various infectious diseases for more than 25 years , with a well documented safety profile .
The first perceptible analgesic effect occurred in 7 -13 minutes . <SEP> With clinically meaningful analgesia demonstrated in 23-39 minutes and a peak effect within 2 hours following administration of single doses of 40 mg IV or IM Dynastat .
Since there have been no cases of overdose reported to date . <SEP> Neither signs nor symptoms of overdose have been identified .
Mimpara should be used with caution in patients with moderate to severe hepatic impairment . <SEP> Mimpara should be closely monitored during dose titration and continued treatment ( see sections 4 and 5 . 2 ) .
Dialysis does not alter serum doxycycline half-life . <SEP> It would not be of benefit in treating cases of overdose .
Therapy with octreotide acetate can produce severe hypoglycaemia in patients with insulinomas . <SEP> Other somatostatin analogues are known to impair glucose tolerance .
A few days later , a hormone such as hCG ( human Chorionic Gonadotrophin ) is given to trigger ovulation . <SEP> The eggs are then harvested and used in techniques such as in-vitro fertilisation .
IONSYS is not recommended for use in patients who have received monoamine oxidase ( MAO ) inhibitors within 14 days . <SEP> Because severe and unpredictable potentiation by MAO inhibitors has been reported with opioid analgesics .
Although a clear-cut survival benefit has not been demonstrated, the achievement of castrate levels of testosterone is an acceptable surrogate endpoint in hormone sensitive advanced prostate cancer . <SEP> This can be translated into less pain from bone metastases , improvement in urinary flow , and in some cases slowing of tumour progression .
After radiolabelling the antibody and diluting a 10 l sample with 1 . <SEP> 5 ml saline , immediately determine the radiochemical purity by Instant Thin Layer Chromatography on silica gel impregnated glass fiber strips , 1 9 cm using acetone as the solvent .
If you become pregnant while taking Iscover , consult your doctor immediately . <SEP> It is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant .
Entacapone in association with levodopa has been associated with somnolence and episodes of sudden sleep onset in patients with Parkinson s disease . <SEP> Entacapone should therefore be exercised when driving or operating machines ( see also section 4 . 7 ) .
The number of applications being processed using the mutual recognition procedure is increasing . <SEP> This trend is expected to continue , principally because from 1 January 1998 parallel applications for a product authorised in another Member State will have to be processed using mutual recognition , in accordance with the legislation .
In pigs it is injected into a muscle . <SEP> The dose is divided in pigs weighing over 80 kg so that no more than 2 ml are injected at one site .
Based on pooled data from 3 clinical trials in which 6 , 130 infants received RotaTeq and 5 , 560 received placebo . <SEP> The adverse reactions listed occurred with excess incidences in RotaTeq recipients compared to placebo recipients of between 0 .
In no case has it been shown conclusively that reactions were actually caused by the vaccine; . <SEP> However , the data suggest the possibility that some of these cases may have been caused by measles vaccines .
Anaemia , a condition in which the number of red blood cells is decreased . <SEP> It has been reported; low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets have been observed in some cases .
Regarding cardiac dysfunction , this was one of the exclusion criteria so the studies give no information on use of the product in animals with such a condition . <SEP> There is also no data suggesting that the cardiac patients must not be treated with the substance .
The database of authorised medicinal products in the EU will make authoritative , up-to-date information on all these products available to regulators , health professionals and the general public; . <SEP> While the current version of the application is already available to EU regulators , public access will be provided by September 2006 .
In the treatment of acute manic episodes in adults with bipolar disorder . <SEP> Zyprexa tablets were compared with placebo , haloperidol or valproate ( another medicine used in manic episodes ) in five studies , including one where patients were also receiving other medicines .
However , in combining with platinum agents , there is a distinct sequence-dependent interaction . <SEP> Depending on whether the platinum agent is given on day 1 or 5 of the topotecan dosing .
The symptoms of fentanyl overdose are an extension of its pharmacological actions . <SEP> The most serious effect being respiratory depression , which may lead to respiratory arrest .
The incidence of thrombotic/ thromboembolic events observed in clinical trials was similar between romiplostim and placebo . <SEP> An association between these events and elevated platelet counts was not observed .
However , maropitant can produce acute eye irritation . <SEP> In the case of accidental eye exposure , flush the eyes with plenty of water and seek medical attention .
If not used immediately , in-use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . <SEP> They should not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8C .
The duration of treatment should be kept as short as possible . <SEP> It should not be continued after the symptoms have disappeared .
Stiripentol is quickly absorbed . <SEP> With a time to peak plasma concentration of about 1 .
In cattle , the volume administered per injection site should not exceed 7 ml; . <SEP> The consecutive daily doses have to be administered at different injection sites .
721 cancer patients receiving non-platinum chemotherapy were included in three placebo-controlled studies . <SEP> non-platinum patients with haematological malignancies ( 221 multiple myeloma , 144 non-Hodgkin's lymphoma , and 24 other haematological malignancies ) and 332 with solid tumours ( 172 breast , 64 gynaecological , 23 lung , 22 prostate , 21 gastro-intestinal , and 30 other tumour types ) .
In clinical trials with pioglitazone there was evidence of dose related weight gain . <SEP> This may be due to fat accumulation and in some cases associated with fluid retention .
All patients in the chronic hepatitis C studies had a liver biopsy before inclusion . <SEP> But in certain cases ( ie , patients with genotype 2 or 3 ) , treatment may be possible without histological confirmation .
Prior to initiating therapy with TRISENOX , a 12-lead ECG must be performed and serum electrolytes ( potassium , calcium , and magnesium ) and creatinine must be assessed; preexisting electrolyte abnormalities must be corrected . <SEP> If possible , medicinal products that are known to prolong the QT interval must be discontinued .
Isolated limb perfusion should be undertaken in specialised centres by surgical teams experienced in the management of limb sarcomas and ILP procedure . <SEP> With an intensive care unit readily available and with the facilities for continuous monitoring for medicinal product leakage into the systemic circulation .
Adverse effects not observed in clinical studies , but seen in animals at exposure levels similar to clinical exposure levels . <SEP> With possible relevance to human use was myelofibrosis of the bone marrow in the mouse carcinogenicity study .
Age associated decreased renal clearance with an increase in AUC levels should be considered in elderly patients . <SEP> See Use in patients with renal impairment above and section 5 .
It has a very low potential to decrease mitochondrial DNA content . <SEP> It is not permanently incorporated into mitochondrial DNA , and does not act as an inhibitor of mitochondrial DNA polymerase gamma .
Ranexa is a medicine used in combination with other medicines to treat angina pectoris . <SEP> It is a chest pain or discomfort that you feel anywhere along the upper part of your body between your neck and upper abdomen , often brought on by exercise or too much activity .
This medicine contains phenylalanine . <SEP> It may be harmful for people with phenylketonuria .
Until additional data become available , Zerit should be given during pregnancy only after special consideration; . <SEP> There is insufficient information to recommend Zerit for prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV .
Patients should be regularly reassessed by a doctor . <SEP> So that the strength of Seretide they are receiving remains optimal and is only changed on medical advice .
Under field conditions passive immunity is transferred during lay for 43 weeks after the last vaccination of broiler breeders . <SEP> This results in a duration of passive immunity in broilers of at least 14 days after hatching .
Valnemulin has been shown to interact with ionophores such as monensin , salinomycin and narasin . <SEP> It may result in signs indistinguishable from an ionophore toxicosis .
The observed incidence of antibody positivity in an assay may be influenced by several factors including sample handling , concomitant medications and underlying disease . <SEP> Therefore , comparison of the incidence of antibodies to other products may be misleading .
Agenerase may interact with other medicines that you are taking . <SEP> So it is important that you read the next section Taking/ using other medicines before taking this medicine .
There have been no formal interaction studies for AVANDAMET . <SEP> However , the concomitant use of the active substances in patients in clinical studies and in widespread clinical use has not resulted in any unexpected interactions .
Data from clinical studies showed clinically meaningful treatment effect for the 90mg etoricoxib once daily dose for AS indications; . <SEP> However , some data are available to indicate that lower doses might also show effect .
Since vildagliptin is not a cytochrome P ( CYP ) 450 enzyme substrate and does not inhibit or induce CYP 450 enzymes . <SEP> It is not likely to interact with active substances that are substrates , inhibitors or inducers of these enzymes .
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use ( CVMP ) concluded that the benefits of Easotic exceed the risks for the treatment of acute otitis externa . <SEP> And acute exacerbation of recurrent otitis externa associated with bacteria susceptible to gentamicin and fungi susceptible to miconazole in particular Malassezia pachydermatis , and recommended that Easotic be given a marketing authorisation .
Avoid skin , eye or mucosal contact; . <SEP> The use of impermeable gloves is advisable .
As stiripentol inhibited CYP2D6 in vitro at concentrations that are achieved clinically in plasma , drugs that are metabolized by this isoenzyme . <SEP> like: beta-blockers beta-blockers ( propranolol , carvedilol , timolol ) , antidepressants ( fluoxetine , paroxetine , tramadol ) may be subject to metabolic interactions with stiripentol .
The capsules work only in your digestive system to stop about a quarter of the fat . <SEP> In your meals from being absorbed .
Caution must be exercised when handling and preparing the reconstituted solution . <SEP> The normal procedures for proper handling of cytotoxic medicinal products should be adopted .
In the treatment of generalised anxiety disorder , eight studies involved over 3 , 000 patients . <SEP> The effectiveness of Lyrica was measured using an anxiety questionnaire ( Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale ) .
They may be early manifestations of copper deficiency . <SEP> They may recover rapidly following reduction of zinc dosage .
Physicians and patients should remain alert for signs and symptoms of gastrointestinal ulceration and haemorrhage during EXJADE therapy . <SEP> They promptly initiate additional evaluation and treatment if a serious gastrointestinal adverse event is suspected .
Naxcel should be handled with care . <SEP> All the recommended precautions be taken to avoid exposure to the product .
Anti-emetic prophylaxis is recommended prior to the initial dose of concomitant phase . <SEP> It is strongly recommended during the monotherapy phase .
Before using Enbrel , contact your doctor if it will be handled by , or given to , someone with an allergy to latex . <SEP> The needle cover in the Enbrel pack is made from latex .
Diovan is not recommended for mothers who are breast-feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast-feed . <SEP> Especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely .
Bimatoprost is eliminated primarily by renal excretion , up to 67% of an intravenous dose administered to healthy volunteers was excreted in the urine . <SEP> 25% of the dose was excreted via the faeces .
A slower terminal elimination phase follows . <SEP> A dose-independent mean terminal elimination half-life of 2 to 3 h .
Thus , the use of Enbrel in pregnant women is not recommended . <SEP> Women of child-bearing potential should be advised not to get pregnant during Enbrel therapy .
The primary pathways of metabolism in man are by alcohol dehydrogenase and by glucuronidation to produce the 5 -carboxylic acid and 5 - glucuronide . <SEP> This account for about 66% of the administered dose .
The se increases may be partly due to competitive inhibition of the elimination of bile salts from hepatocytes . <SEP> Other mechanisms , which have not been clearly established , are probably also involved in the occurrence of liver dysfunction .
In clinical studies approximately 5% of subjects receiving abacavir develop a hypersensitivity reaction; . <SEP> Some of these cases were life-threatening and resulted in a fatal outcome despite taking precautions .
It is not known whether TMZ is excreted in human milk; . <SEP> Thus , breast-feeding should be discontinued while receiving treatment with TMZ .
Experience with simultaneous use of NovoSeven and medicines used to reduce the dissolving of blood clots is limited . <SEP> If you are taking such medicines you should talk to your doctor before taking NovoSeven .
Caution is advised whenever VIRACEPT is co- administered with medicinal products which are inducers or inhibitors and/or . <SEP> Such combinations may require dose adjustment ( see also sections 4 . 5 and 4 ) .
On 17 May 2006 , CIS bio international has officially notified the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use ( CHMP ) . <SEP> They wish to withdraw their application for a marketing authorisation for SCINTIMUN , for diagnostic imaging to determine the location of infectious or inflammatory lesions and to detect metastases ( when cancer spreads ) in bone marrow .
The CVMP concluded that the benefits of Flexicam exceed the risks for the alleviation of inflammation and pain in both acute and chronic musculo-skeletal disorders . <SEP> The following orthopaedic and soft tissue surgery in dogs and inflammation following orthopaedic and soft tissue surgery in cats and recommended that Flexicam be given a marketing authorisation .
Cytochromes P450-CYP1A2 and P450-CYP2D6 contribute to the formation of the N-desmethyl and 2-hydroxymethyl metabolites; . <SEP> Both exhibited significantly less in vivo pharmacological activity than olanzapine in animal studies .
In serious , but rare cases , an ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome with clearly enlarged ovaries . <SEP> They can go hand in hand with possible accumulation of fluid in the abdomen or thorax as well as more serious thromboembolic complications .
The company that makes Aclasta will provide educational packs for doctors who prescribe Aclasta for osteoporosis . <SEP> Aclasta them how the medicine should be used , and similar packs for patients , which explain the medicine s side effects and when they should contact their doctor .
The active substance in Cerenia , maropitant , is broken down via the liver . <SEP> It is , therefore , recommended to use it with caution in dogs with liver disease .
The pharmacokinetic properties of amprenavir following co-administration of Telzir with ritonavir have been evaluated in healthy adult subjects and HIV-infected patients . <SEP> No substantial differences were observed between these two groups .
At maternally toxic doses , zidovudine given to rats during organogenesis resulted in an increased incidence of malformations . <SEP> No evidence of foetal abnormalities was observed at lower doses .
During Tamiflu treatment , events like convulsions and delirium ( including symptoms such as altered level of consciousness , confusion , abnormal behaviour , delusions , hallucinations , agitation , anxiety , nightmares ) have been reported . <SEP> In a very few cases resulting in accidental injury , in some instances with fatal outcome .
It is recommended that women do not breast-feed during treatment with Erbitux and for 2 months after the last dose . <SEP> Because it is not known whether cetuximab is excreted in breast milk .
Zubrin should be placed directly into the dog s mouth . <SEP> You should try to keep the mouth of the dog closed for a short while .
Pioglitazone on its own has been approved by the EU under the name Actos . <SEP> It can be used with metformin in type 2 diabetes patients who are not satisfactorily controlled on metformin alone .
Given the seriousness of the adverse reaction and the implications on public health it was agreed on May 17 , 1995 . <SEP> By the CPMP that the issue was of community interest and anorectic agents concerned were identified on June 8 , 1995 .
The tablets can be taken with or without food . <SEP> It should be swallowed whole , with some liquid , and not chewed , divided or crushed .
A number of cleavage ( hydrolysis ) sites on the human insulin molecule have been proposed; . <SEP> None of the metabolites formed following the cleavage are active .
In schizophrenia , Zyprexa tablets have been studied in about 3 , 000 adults . <SEP> In which their effectiveness was compared with that of placebo ( a dummy treatment ) or haloperidol ( another antipsychotic medicine ) .
The tablets are swallowed whole with a glass of water . <SEP> They must not be chewed , and can be taken with or without food .
About 50% is excreted by glomerular filtration and about 50% through renal tubular secretion within 24 hours , with the majority being eliminated within 6 hours. through 24 hours , with the majority being eliminated within 6 hours. through 24 hours , with the majority being eliminated within 6 hours. through 24 hours , with the majority being eliminated within 6 hours. through 24 hours , with the majority being eliminated within 6 hours. through 24 hours , with the majority being eliminated within 6 hours. through 24 hours , with the majority being eliminated within 6 hours. by the
In all of the studies , all of the patients also received ciclosporin and corticosteroids . <SEP> The main measure of effectiveness was the proportion of patients whose new organ had been rejected after six months .
Therefore , your baby s doctor will consider this potential risk in balance with the immediate benefits . <SEP> The short-term treatment with INOmax may provide and will carefully monitor the dose of nitric oxide being given .
Crossing of the blood-brain barrier by anidulafungin was limited in healthy rats; . <SEP> However , in rabbits with disseminated candidiasis , anidulafungin has been shown to cross the blood-brain barrier and reduce fungal burden in the brain .
Whilst the mechanism through which lisinopril lowers blood pressure is believed to be primarily suppression of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system . <SEP> lisinopril is antihypertensive even in patients with low renin hypertension .
There were two main studies involving a total of 529 patients with SLE . <SEP> In which Riquent was compared with a placebo ( a dummy treatment ) .
A few cases of congenital abnormalities have been reported with low-dose oral busulfan , not necessarily attributable to the active substance . <SEP> Third trimester exposure may be associated with impaired intrauterine growth .
However , if intercourse has already occurred , pregnancy should be excluded before the actual start of EVRA . <SEP> Or the woman has to wait for her first menstrual period .
Based on these studies , lumiracoxib appears to have a low potential for interactions with compounds cleared by cytochrome P450 except for CYP2C9 . <SEP> There is possibility of decreased clearance of concomitantly administered substrates of CYP2C9 .
However , patients should be advised that they may experience undesirable effects such as dizziness , light-headedness or fainting spells during treatment . <SEP> They told not to drive or operate machines in such circumstances .
On the business side , negotiations to obtain the best possible service from both hotels and travel organisations will have a high priority . <SEP> These costs form a large share of EMEAs budget .
There is no indication that any of the members within this class differs with respect to efficacy and safety . <SEP> Vantas seems to be no exception in that respect .
Focetria should not be given at the same time as other vaccines . <SEP> If another vaccine is required at the same time , then the injection should be carried out on a different limb .
Based on evaluation of the currently available data and the scientific discussion within the Committee and at the CHMP s Blood Products Working Party . <SEP> The CHMP concluded that the benefits of Uman Big outweigh its risks , and that therefore the marketing authorisation for Uman Big should be granted in all concerned member states .
If not used immediately , in-use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . <SEP> It would normally not be longer than the above mentioned conditions when dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions .
KIOVIG contains a wide variety of different antibodies . <SEP> Some of which can affect blood tests .
In dogs , these adverse reactions occur generally within the first treatment week and are in most cases transient and disappear following termination of the treatment . <SEP> But in very rare cases may be serious or fatal .
Patients receiving Truvada or any other antiretroviral therapy may continue to develop opportunistic infections and other complications of HIV infection . <SEP> They should remain under close clinical observation by physicians experienced in the treatment of patients with HIV associated diseases .
Because the number of patients who have extravasation due to anthracyclines is low . <SEP> The condition is rare , and Savene was designated an orphan medicine ( a medicine used in rare diseases ) on 19 September 2001 .
Saquinavir does not induce chromosomal damage in vivo in the mouse micronucleus assay or in vitro in human peripheral blood lymphocytes . <SEP> It does not induce primary DNA damage in vitro in the unscheduled DNA synthesis test .
Absorption 5-ALA HCl as drinking solution is rapidly . <SEP> Absorption absorbed and peak plasma levels of 5-ALA are reached 0 .
For some of the anorectic agents , some Marketing Authorisation Holders ( Annex IV ) appealed against the opinion . <SEP> The grounds for appeal were received on 15 and 30 April 1996 .
CIALIS 10 mg and 20 mg is intended for use prior to anticipated sexual activity . <SEP> It is not recommended for continuous daily use .
Days of disability Aclasta significantly reduced the mean days of limited activity . <SEP> The days of bed rest due to fractures by 17 .
The following related adverse reactions were listed below by system organ class . <SEP> Within each frequency grouping , adverse reactions are presented in order of decreasing seriousness: common ( 1/ 100 to < 1/ 10 ) ; rare ( 1/ 10 , 000 to < 1/ 1 , 000 ) .
After injection into the subcutaneous tissue , the acidic solution is neutralised leading to formation of micro-precipitates from which small amounts of insulin glargine are continuously released . <SEP> This provides a smooth , peakless , predictable concentration/ time profile with a prolonged duration of action .
Although high inter-individual variability exists, Tigecycline shows a poly-exponential elimination from serum . <SEP> A mean terminal elimination half-life after multiple doses of 42 hours .
There are no data that support specific guidance for dosage adjustment in patients with hepatic impairment . <SEP> However , due to safety considerations , Siklos is contraindicated in patients with severe hepatic impairment ( see section 4 . 2 ) .
Since there is no change in pharmacokinetics in patients with impaired renal function . <SEP> Since there are no signs that doxazosin aggravates existing renal impairment , the usual dose can be used in these patients ( see section 4 ) .
Phosphodiesterase inhibitors which are dependent on CYP3A4 metabolism , such as tadalafil and sildenafil , are expected to result in an approximately 2-fold and 11-fold increase in AUC respectively . <SEP> In an increase in PDE5 inhibitor associated adverse reactions including hypotension , synope , visual changes and prolonged erection .
You will usually not receive a second ILP with BEROMUN . <SEP> If you do this will not be until at least six weeks after your first ILP .
At present , there is no evidence of inadequate efficacy of zidovudine in the CNS . <SEP> This could be associated with the modest reduction in plasma levels of zidovudine when co-administered with nelfinavir .
Conclusions regarding the relevance of particular mutations or mutational patterns are subject to change with additional data . <SEP> It is recommended to always consult current interpretation systems for analysing resistance test results .
A minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem . <SEP> But your doctor will advise whether you can still be vaccinated with Prepandemic influenza vaccine ( H5N1 ) ( split virion , inactivated , adjuvanted ) GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals 3 .
Adults from the age of 18 to 60 years will receive two doses of Daronrix . <SEP> The first administered at an elected date , the second at least three weeks after the first dose for maximum efficacy .
Subjects with renal impairment Cmax and AUC of rivastigmine were more than twice as high in subjects with moderate renal impairment compared with healthy subjects; . <SEP> However , there were no changes in Cmax and AUC of rivastigmine in subjects with severe renal impairment .
Dosages should be increased gradually . <SEP> This increased every 5 - 7 days .
The first 37 patients were started at 400 mg . <SEP> The protocol was subsequently amended to allow higher dosing and the remaining 223 patients were started at 600 mg .
Whilst industry is co-operating to forecast the workload for 1997 . <SEP> Their figures are not yet available .
There may be a moderate dose-dependent increase in the platelet count within the normal range during treatment with Epoetin alfa HEXAL . <SEP> This gradually regresses during the course of continued therapy .
Alendronate is not excreted through the acidic or basic transport systems of the kidney in rats . <SEP> It is not anticipated to interfere with the excretion of other medicinal products by those systems in humans .
Luveris should not be administered as a mixture with other medicinal products . <SEP> In the same injection , except follitropin alfa for which studies have shown that co-administration does not significantly alter the activity , stability , pharmacokinetic nor pharmacodynamic properties of the active substances .
208 increase , the dose should be temporarily withheld until the haemoglobin begins to decrease . <SEP> At which point therapy should be reinitiated at approximately 25% lower than the previous dose .
As some adverse reactions occur with greater frequency in this age group ( see section 48 ) compared with adults , temporary dose reduction or interruption may be required. with greater frequency in this age group ( see section 48 ) compared with adults , temporary dose reduction or interruption may be required. compared with adults , temporary dose reduction or interruption may be required. in this age compared with adults , temporary dose reduction or interruption may be required. in this age ( see section 48 ) compared with adults , temporary dose reduction or interruption may be required.
The MAH agreed that platinum-based combination therapies are the standard of care but defended the use of gemcitabine monotherapy in the treatment of elderly patients and patients with a Performance Status of 2 . <SEP> These groups are at higher risk for chemotherapy-related morbidities or in cases where platinum-based combinations cannot be tolerated .
Formal male fertility studies have not been conducted; however , microscopic evaluation of male reproductive organs from repeat-dose toxicity studies in cynomolgus monkeys at doses up to approximately 5-fold . <SEP> The human dose on a mg/ kg basis , revealed no differences compared to control male monkeys .
The powder should be mixed with the solvent provided just before use . <SEP> The contents of more than one vial of powder can be dissolved in on vial of solvent if needed .
Iscover is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ) , a process known as atherothrombosis . <SEP> This can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ) .
5 x ULN were observed in 0 . <SEP> 7% of tocilizumab monotherapy patients and 1 .
Since montelukast is metabolised by CYP 3A4 , caution should be exercised . <SEP> Particularly in children , when montelukast is coadministered with inducers of CYP 3A4 , such as phenytoin , phenobarbital and rifampicin .
Discontinue the procedure and discard the syringe . <SEP> The needle ( reconstitute a new dose for the patient ) .
Serum antibodies have been shown to persist in chickens for at least 7 months . <SEP> Studies performed with other vaccine strains show that serum antibodies would be expected to persist in chickens for at least 12 months after administration of two doses of vaccine .
The following dose regimen is recommended for titration . <SEP> In all cases the physician should take into account the clinical need of the patient , age and concomitant illness .
In the event of overdosage , patients should be monitored for signs . <SEP> Symptoms should be symptomatic and supportive .
AVANDAMET tablets contain lactose and therefore should not be administered to patients with rare hereditary problems of galactose intolerance . <SEP> The Lapp lactase deficiency or glucose-galactose malabsorption .
Taxotere/ Docetaxel Winthrop was also expected to be used to treat breast cancer that can be treated with surgery when the cancer has been shown to be expressing large amounts of HER2: . <SEP> This is a type of cancer that produces ( expresses ) a specific protein called HER2 in large quantities on the surface of the tumour cells .
They are white , diamond shaped , scored , film-coated tablets . <SEP> This is marked with the code GXCJ7 on both sides .
Therefore , the vaccine should not be administered to pregnant females; . <SEP> Furthermore , pregnancy should be avoided for 3 months following vaccination ( see sections 4 . 3 and 4 ) .
SonoVue is a transpulmonary echocardiographic contrast agent for use in patients with suspected or established cardiovascular disease . <SEP> To provide opacification of cardiac chambers and enhance left ventricular endocardial border delineation .
Thus , H2 antagonists and proton pump inhibitors are not recommended . <SEP> Thus hydroxide/ magnesium hydroxide products should be administered up to 2 hours prior to , or 2 hours following the administration of dasatinib ( see section 4 . 5 ) .
A second injection may be administered 2 hours after the first injection , on the basis of individual clinical status . <SEP> No more than three injections should be given in any 24-hour period .
Should you experience a significant increase in your usage of BeneFIX in order to control a bleed . <SEP> Please contact your doctor immediately; your blood should be checked for inhibitors to factor IX activity .
Vardenafil is rapidly absorbed with maximum observed plasma concentrations . <SEP> It reached in some men as early as 15 minutes after oral administration .
Hold pipette in upright position , twist and pull off cap . <SEP> They use the opposite end of the cap to break the seal .
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use ( CVMP ) concluded that the benefits of Dicural are greater than the risks for the treatment . <SEP> They recommended that Dicural be given a marketing authorisation .
The diphtheria and tetanus toxoids are prepared from the toxins of cultures of Corynebacterium diphtheriae . <SEP> The tetani by formaldehyde detoxification followed by purification .
By increasing the levels of incretin hormones in the blood . <SEP> sitagliptin stimulates the pancreas to produce more insulin when blood glucose levels are high .
If you have depression , your doctor may still prescribe Avonex for you . <SEP> But it's important to let your doctor know if you have had depression or any similar problems affecting your moods .
The modulated infrared beams then enter the infrared detectors , which are double layer transmission detectors with a front . <SEP> A rear chamber each filled with one of the isotopicly pure gases ( 13CO2 or 12CO2 , respectively ) to be measured .
A sudden stop could cause you to develop a medicinal condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome . <SEP> These may represent a major health risk .
If more than 12 hours has elapsed since missing a dose at the normal time . <SEP> The patient should not take the dose , but take the next dose at the normal time on the following day .
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use ( CVMP ) concluded that the benefits of Posatex exceed its risks for the treatment of acute otitis externa and acute exacerbations of recurrent otitis externa in dogs . <SEP> They recommended that Posatex be given a marketing authorisation .
Administration of Fasturtec reduces the uric acid levels to below normal levels . <SEP> By this mechanism reduces the chance of development of renal failure due to precipitation of uric acid crystals in renal tubules as a consequence of hyperuricaemia .
Before the end of a mutual recognition procedure , Spain and the Netherlands , presented to the EMEA a referral considering that this medicinal product might present a risk to public health . <SEP> They were of the opinion that safety and efficacy in long-term treatment of ropinirole in restless legs syndrome had not been demonstrated .
This treatment should be undertaken in specialised centres by surgical teams experienced in the management of limb sarcomas and ILP procedure . <SEP> With an intensive care unit readily available and with the facilities for continuous monitoring for medicinal product leakage into the systemic circulation .
Patients and their carers must be instructed that Effentora contains an active substance in an amount that can be fatal to a child . <SEP> And therefore to keep all tablets out of the reach and sight of children .
If you become pregnant while taking Plavix , consult your doctor immediately . <SEP> It is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant .
In reproductive toxicity studies with fosamprenavir in rats , male fertility was not affected . <SEP> In females gravid uterine weights , numbers of ovarian corpora lutea and uterine implantation sites were reduced .
This medicinal product contains less than 1 . <SEP> mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 0 .
Tell your doctor if you have ever had any allergic type reactions due to other medicines . <SEP> Fasturtec can cause allergic-type reactions , including severe cases .
Fentanyl is metabolised mainly via the human cytochrome P450 3A4 isoenzyme system ( CYP3A4 ) . <SEP> Therefore potential interactions may occur when Effentora is given concurrently with agents that affect CYP3A4 activity .
When tadalafil was administered with lower doses of alcohol ( 0 . 6 g/ kg ) , hypotension was not observed . <SEP> dizziness occurred with similar frequency to alcohol alone .
Adults from the age of 18 to 60 years will receive two injections of Daronrix . <SEP> The first injection will be administered at an elected date , the second at least three weeks after the first injection .
Skin patch testing was used as a research tool for the PREDICT-1 study . <SEP> It has no utility in the clinical management of patients and therefore should not be used in the clinical setting .
The nonclinical toxicity profile of mycophenolate mofetil appears to be consistent with adverse events observed in human clinical trials . <SEP> It now provide safety data of more relevance to the patient population ( see section 4 . 8 ) .
Vildagliptin is not metabolised by CYP 450 enzymes to any quantifiable extent . <SEP> The metabolic clearance of vildagliptin is not anticipated to be affected by co- medications that are CYP 450 inhibitors and/or inducers .
The need for a booster dose of hepatitis B vaccine in healthy individuals who have received a full primary vaccination course has not been established; . <SEP> However , some official vaccination programmes currently include a recommendation for a booster dose of hepatitis B vaccine and these should be respected .
Patients who develop this hypersensitivity reaction must discontinue Kivexa and must never be rechallenged with Kivexa . <SEP> Or any other medicinal product containing abacavir ( Ziagen or Trizivir ) .
The most likely manifestations of overdose are expected to be hypotension . <SEP> The bradycardia might also occur from overdose .
Following treatment , ticks will detach from the host within 24 to 48 hours after infestation; . <SEP> However , single ticks might remain on the animal .
Since PROCOMVAX has not been studied in persons who have malignancies or are otherwise immunocompromised . <SEP> The extent of the immune response in such persons is unknown .
Do not use glass materials for injection . <SEP> They use only plastic materials .
Because 1'-hydroxymidazolam is an active metabolite . <SEP> The sedative effect of midazolam may be increased .
Two successful joint EMEA/ FEDESA Info-Days were held in February and September where members of the CVMP and industry representatives were able to review and debate critical matters of mutual interest . <SEP> Many of which related to optimising the performance of the centralised procedure .
This may lead to acute symptoms . <SEP> These symptoms depend on the anatomical location of the tissue e .
The main measure of effectiveness was based on the change in the questionnaire score . <SEP> The study began and after six months of treatment .
CANCIDAS has not been studied in pregnant women . <SEP> It should be used in pregnancy only if the potential benefit justifies the potential risk to the foetus .
According to several international guidelines , doxycycline is also commonly recommended for the treatment of rosacea but is only approved in a few EU countries; . <SEP> The off-label use of doxycycline is widely prescribed in clinical practice for long-term treatment ( months to up to several years ) of acne vulgaris , with dosages generally higher ( 100 mg daily ) than the proposed dosage for Oracea ( 40 mg daily ) .
There were no reports of TdP or other serious ventricular arrhythmias or related syncope in the clinical program . <SEP> No subgroups at risk were identified .
For some people stopping smoking , with or without treatment , has been associated with an increased risk of experiencing feelings such as depression and anxiety . <SEP> It can be associated with a worsening of psychiatric illness .
Meetings with interested parties , including industry representatives , have taken place on a quarterly basis and bilateral meetings with FEDESA . <SEP> Also on a quarterly basis , have provided an excellent forum for frank and in-depth discussions on the issues of the day .
Pharmacodynamic analysis demonstrated that this was a temporary effect; recovery of normal B-cells began within 6 months and median counts of B-cells . <SEP> They were within normal range within 9 months after treatment .
A modest increase in Cmax ( 28% ) was observed for zidovudine when administered with lamivudine . <SEP> However , overall exposure ( AUC ) was not significantly altered .
The 1997 budget , as last amended by Management Board . <SEP> It totals ECU 28 000 from bank interest .
In addition , MicardisPlus should be used with caution in patients with impaired hepatic function or progressive liver disease . <SEP> In alterations of fluid and electrolyte balance may precipitate hepatic coma .
Patients should be advised that Agenerase , or any other current antiretroviral therapy does not cure HIV . <SEP> They may still develop opportunistic infections and other complications of HIV infection .
This Ki value is far higher than the expected plasma levels of imatinib in patients . <SEP> Consequently no interaction is expected upon co- administration of either 5-fluorouracil or paclitaxel and imatinib .
The tablets should ideally be swallowed without crushing . <SEP> Although patients who cannot swallow tablets may crush and add them to a small amount of food or drink , before taking the dose immediately .
If treatment with Replagal makes your body produce antibodies this will not stop Replagal working . <SEP> The antibodies may disappear with time .
4 Occurrence of acute respiratory distress syndrome with subsequent respiratory failure associated with interstitial pulmonary fibrosis was reported in Busilvex studies in one patient who died . <SEP> Although , no clear aetiology was identified .
Additional adverse events were seen when topotecan was given in combination with cisplatin . <SEP> However , these events were seen with cisplatin monotherapy and not attributable to topotecan .
If you become pregnant while taking Clopidogrel Winthrop , consult your doctor immediately . <SEP> It is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant .
Because 14-OH-clarithromycin has reduced activity against Mycobacterium avium complex ( MAC ) , overall activity against this pathogen may be altered; . <SEP> Therefore , alternatives to clarithromycin should be considered for the treatment of MAC .
The majority of LVEF decreases ( greater than 60% ) were observed during the first nine weeks of treatment . <SEP> However , limited data was available for long term exposure .
The studies of pancreatic disease involved 292 patients , and compared the effectiveness of TESLASCAN-enhanced MRI with that of spiral CT . <SEP> Another diagnostic method used to detect pancreatic lesions .
Based on the review of the available information , the CHMP was of the opinion that the quality . <SEP> The safety and the efficacy of this medicinal product continues to be adequately and sufficiently demonstrated and therefore considered that the benefit/risk balance of Sustiva remains favourable .
The duration of treatment depends on the patient s condition and response to treatment . <SEP> It ranges from 24 weeks to a year .
The solvent in Advocate may stain certain materials including leather , fabrics , plastics and finished surfaces . <SEP> So contact between the product and such surfaces should be avoided .
Pre-treatment with other anti- inflammatory medicines may result in additional or increased adverse effects . <SEP> A treatment-free period with such substances should be observed for at least 24 hours before the commencement of treatment with Onsior .
These developmental anomalies are thought to be partly due to a direct action of ACE inhibitors on the foetal renin-angiotensin system and partly due to ischaemia resulting from maternal hypotension . <SEP> They decreases in foetal-placental blood flow and oxygen/nutrients delivery to the foetus .
Due to the slow dissolution of the olanzapine pamoate salt which provides a slow continuous release of olanzapine that is complete approximately six to eight months after the last injection . <SEP> olanzapine by a clinician , especially during the first 2 months after discontinuation of ZYPADHERA , is needed when switching to another antipsychotic product and is considered medically appropriate .
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use ( CVMP ) concluded that the benefits of Porcilis PCV exceed the risks for the active immunisation of pigs . <SEP> Over the age of three days , against PCV2 , and recommended that Porcilis PCV be given a marketing authorisation .
The starting dose of repaglinide is 0 . <SEP> The main meals; titration is according to blood glucose response as for monotherapy .
As a fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent , the bactericidal action of ciprofloxacin results from the inhibition of both type II topoisomerase ( DNA-gyrase ) and topoisomerase IV . <SEP> This is required for bacterial DNA replication , transcription , repair and recombination .
The residual medicinal product must be flushed in the administration tubing . <SEP> The infusion of Busilvex has not been tested and is not recommended .
Patients receiving emtricitabine or any other antiretroviral therapy may continue to develop opportunistic infections and other complications of HIV infection . <SEP> Patients should remain under close clinical observation by physicians experienced in the treatment of patients with HIV associated diseases .
The powder and solvent are mixed just before administration . <SEP> The resulting suspension is given directly into the mouth of the baby using the oral syringe provided .
Another adolescent who ingested 4 g of zinc had serum zinc level of about 50 mg/ l 5 hours later . <SEP> Only experienced severe nausea , vomiting and dizziness .
The most commonly reported adverse reactions are bleedings occurring in approximately 14% of patients; . <SEP> The frequency of major bleeds ( including wound site bleedings ) is less than 2% .
The maintenance effect on typical absence seizures remains unclear . <SEP> Thus a warning will be included in the SPC stating that In children taking lamotrigine for the treament of typical absence seizures , efficacy may not be maintained in all patients .
Erbitux can be associated with severe reactions during the infusion . <SEP> So the patients must be monitored carefully while the medicine is being given .
Administration of calcium and vitamin D3 counteracts the increase of parathyroid hormone ( PTH ) . <SEP> This is caused by calcium deficiency and which causes increased bone resorption .
Impairment of fertility Men being treated with cladribine are advised not to father a child up to 6 months after treatment . <SEP> They seek advice of cryoconservation of sperm prior to treatment because of the possibility of infertility due to therapy with cladribine ( see Section 5 . 3 Preclinical safety data ) .
The Applicant/ MAH subsequently proposed to follow the same proposal for other diarrhoea indications . <SEP> Taking into account data supporting oral 500 mg bid daily dose and considering bioavailability purposes , the corresponding IV dosage should be 400 mg bid .
Patients with cirrhosis may be at a higher risk for hepatic decompensation following hepatitis exacerbation . <SEP> And therefore should be monitored closely during therapy .
On 26 March 2007 , Insmed Europe Ltd officially notified the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use ( CHMP ) that it wishes to withdraw its application for a marketing authorisation for IPLEX . <SEP> For the treatment of patients with primary growth hormone insensitivity and of patients with growth hormone gene deletion who have developed neutralising antibodies to growth hormone .
After reconstitution , the vaccine should be used immediately; . <SEP> However , in-use stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours when refrigerated at2C-8C .
19 It is recommended that women do not breast-feed during treatment with Erbitux and for 2 months after the last dose . <SEP> Because it is not known whether cetuximab is excreted in breast milk .
Important information about some of the ingredients of Zyrtec Zyrtec film-coated tablets contains lactose; if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . <SEP> Please contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
The absorption profile of Effentora is largely the result of an initial rapid absorption from the buccal mucosa . <SEP> With peak plasma concentrations following venous sampling generally attained within an hour after oromucosal administration .
For the indication in Manic episodes associated with Bipolar Disorders , the CHMP assessed the safety and efficacy of the proposed 2 mg and 3 mg starting doses . <SEP> It noted that no comparisons on the change in efficacy measurements in the first days of treatment were made .
The tissue around the eyes may be more sensitive . <SEP> Therefore , it is not recommended that the face be used for testing .
The analgesic effects of fentanyl are related to the blood level of the active substance; in opioid-naive patients . <SEP> The effective analgesic serum concentrations of fentanyl range from 0 .
Patients must undergo appropriate thyroid blocking treatment prior to injection to minimise thyroid uptake of radioactive iodine . <SEP> For example , by oral administration of approximately 120 mg potassium iodide 1-4 hours prior to injection and again 12-24 hours post-injection of DaTSCAN .
Kivexa contains abacavir and lamivudine . <SEP> Therefore any interactions identified for these individually are relevant to Kivexa .
Elderly patients are more likely to have decreased renal function . <SEP> Therefore caution should be exercised when treating elderly patients with tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ( see below ) .
When a dog is given a mixture of oxygen and sevoflurane to breathe . <SEP> The sevoflurane is inhaled into its lungs , from where it goes into the blood stream , crosses into the brain and induces an unconscious state .
Clopidogrel BMS is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ) . <SEP> This process is known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ) .
In the event of once daily dosing when the patient has a history of nocturnal symptoms the dose should be given at night . <SEP> When the patient has a history of mainly day-time symptoms the dose should be given in the morning .
It is unclear whether or not there is a direct association between pioglitazone and macular oedema . <SEP> But prescribers should be alert to the possibility of macular oedema if patients report disturbances in visual acuity; an appropriate ophthalmological referral should be considered .
After application of the cream , throw away . <SEP> The opened sachet and wash hands with soap and water .
Treatment with 10 mg adefovir dipivoxil has not been shown to be effective against HIV replication . <SEP> Therefore , it should not be used to control HIV infection .
The recommended dose of Humira for adult patients is an initial dose of 80 mg administered subcutaneously . <SEP> Followed by 40 mg subcutaneously given every other week starting one week after the initial dose .
Every four to six weeks your doctor will make appropriate dose adjustments , made in increments of 5 mg pegvisomant/ day . <SEP> Based on your so-called serum IGF-I levels to maintain an optimal therapeutic response .
The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use ( CVMP ) concluded that the benefits of Pruban exceeded the risks for the treatment of acute localised moist dermatitis in dogs . <SEP> It recommended that Pruban be granted a market authorisation .
Half of the patients in each group were already being treated with intravenous epoprostenol . <SEP> The dose of epoprostenol remained constant for the duration of the trial .
Special precautions for use in animals Halogenated volatile anaesthetics can react with dry carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) absorbents to produce carbon monoxide ( CO ) . <SEP> This may result in elevated levels of carboxyhaemoglobin in some dogs .
In addition , rosiglitazone inhibited ovarian oestradiol and progesterone synthesis and lowered plasma levels of these hormones . <SEP> This resulted in effects on oestrus/ menstrual cycles and fertility ( see section 4 . 4 ) .
In chronic hepatitis C , Pegasys has been studied on its own in three studies involving a total of 1 , 441 patients . <SEP> In combination with ribavirin in one study involving 1 , 149 patients .
After once daily ocular administration of one drop of 0 . <SEP> 03% bimatoprost to both eyes for two weeks , blood concentrations peaked within 10 minutes after dosing and declined to below the lower limit of detection ( 0 . 025 ng/ ml ) within 1 .
The active moiety in zinc acetate dihydrate is zinc cation . <SEP> This blocks the intestinal absorption of copper from the diet and the reabsorption of endogenously secreted copper .
In a placebo-controlled , double-blind , study , 98 adults 60 years of age or older received a second dose of ZOSTAVAX 42 days . <SEP> Following the initial dose; the vaccine was generally well tolerated .
Other oncogenic HPV types can also cause cervical cancer . <SEP> Therefore routine cervical screening remains critically important and should follow local recommendations .
The absorption of nelfinavir may be reduced in conditions where gastric pH is increased . <SEP> Therefore , concomitant use of VIRACEPT with Proton Pump Inhibitors is not recommended ( see section 4 . 3 ) .
As with other HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors , a dose-related increase in transaminases has been observed in a small number of patients taking place . <SEP> The majority of cases were mild , asymptomatic and transient .
Lumiracoxib does not accumulate in plasma under once or twice daily administration . <SEP> Lumiracoxib state is achieved on the first day of administration with no increase in Cmax or AUC after extended dosing .
Salmeterol produces a longer duration of bronchodilation . <SEP> Salmeterol for at least 12 hours , than recommended doses of conventional short-acting beta-2-agonists .
Patients should be monitored closely for signs of these side effects during the first 18 weeks of treatment . <SEP> Patients tests for liver problems should be carried out regularly throughout treatment .
The 24-hour concentration following a high fat meal was increased by approximately 33% . <SEP> Due to delayed absorption; the median Tmax increased from 2 .
Cholestagel tablets are off-white , capsule-shaped film-coated tablets . <SEP> They are imprinted with Cholestagel on one side .
Sevoflurane causes dose-dependant respiratory depression , therefore respiration should be closely monitored during sevoflurane anaesthesia . <SEP> The inspired concentration of sevoflurane adjusted accordingly .
For some of the anorectic agents , some Marketing Authorisation Holders ( Annex IV ) appealed against the opinion . <SEP> The grounds for appeal were received on 30 April 1996 .
The first 77 patients were started at 400 mg . <SEP> The protocol was subsequently amended to allow higher dosing and the remaining 158 patients were started at 600 mg .
The maximum reduction in blood pressure is generally attained 4-8 weeks after the start of treatment . <SEP> It is sustained during long-term therapy .
The incidence rates for moderate and severe pain after Optaflu vaccination are similar to those of egg-derived influenza vaccines; . <SEP> However , a slightly increased risk for mild short-lasting injection site pain was observed with Optaflu in the subgroup of elderly vaccinees ( 8% compared to 6% with egg-derived influenza vaccine ) .
The colostrum is collected and filtered . <SEP> The lactoserum ( the whey , the liquid part of milk ) is concentrated to make Locatim .
However , because maternal IgG is excreted in human milk , and rituximab was detectable in milk from lactating monkeys . <SEP> Women should not breastfeed while treated with MabThera and for 12 months following MabThera treatment .
Adequate dose adjustments cannot be applied due to lack of alternative tablet strengths . <SEP> Therefore use in this group of patients is not recommended .
You must not have Zevalin if you are pregnant; . <SEP> See the detailed advice in section Pregnancy precautions .
This is normal and will disappear typically within 24 hours of treatment administration . <SEP> It does not affect either the safety or efficacy of the product .
No studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed; . <SEP> However , erlotinib is not associated with impairment of mental ability .
Race Pharmacokinetic studies show an increase in exposure in Japanese and Chinese subjects . <SEP> This is compared with Caucasians ( see section 4 . 2 Posology and Method of administration and section 5 .
The referral procedure was initiated with UK as the reference member state ( RMS ) , due to concerns raised by the concerned member states Greece , Poland and Spain regarding major safety and efficacy issues and the immunological protection correlates . <SEP> They considered the product to be an entirely new conjugated , bivalent vaccine .
These side effects occur generally within the first week of treatment . <SEP> They are usually temporary and disappear once treatment has stopped .
The safety and efficacy of Aldurazyme in patients with renal or hepatic insufficiency have not been evaluated . <SEP> No dosage regimen can be recommended in these patients .
Homocystinuria is a disease caused by the accumulation of homocysteine which is not converted to cysteine . <SEP> It is characterized by formation of clots in the veins , bone weakness , and skeletal and crystalline lens abnormalities .
A reduction in your white blood cell count . <SEP> Can make you more prone to infection .
Due to the limitations of the study design ( small number of patients ) , no definitive conclusion regarding the dose maintenance regimen can be drawn . <SEP> These findings suggest that , after an initial debulking dose of 1 .
Lamivudine induces early embryolethality when administered to pregnant rabbits at exposure levels comparable to those achieved in man . <SEP> But not in the rat even at very high systemic exposures .
Care must therefore be taken to remove any spillage immediately . <SEP> The vapour should not be inhaled , and all contact with the product by mouth must be avoided .
If your doctor notices that you are suffering from , or are likely to suffer from . <SEP> Any of these severe side- effects described above , you will be immediately transferred to an intensive care unit ( ICU ) within the hospital , where your doctor can more closely monitor you and prescribe suitable treatment to deal with any dangerous side-effects which have developed .
This medicine contains 1 mmol ( 23 . 6 mg ) of sodium per tablet . <SEP> This should be taken into consideration if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
The maximum recommended dosing frequency is once per day . <SEP> But continuous daily use of 10 or 20 mg tadalafil is not recommended .
The syringe fits onto the drop dispenser of the bottle . <SEP> It has a kg-body weight scale which corresponds to the maintenance dose .
Idursulfase is a purified form of the lysosomal enzyme iduronate-2-sulfatase . <SEP> It is produced in a human cell line providing a human glycosylation profile , which is analogous to the naturally occurring enzyme .
Patients aged 4 to 17 years with moderately to severely active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis refractory to or intolerant of methotrexate were enrolled; . <SEP> Patients patients remained on a stable dose of a single nonsteroidal anti- inflammatory drug and/ or prednisone ( 0 . 2 mg/ kg/ day or 10 mg maximum ) .
This is a procedure that is similar to a Lucentis injection , but with no Lucentis and no needle . <SEP> The syringe is pressed against the surface of the eye but no actual injection is carried out .
During the year an increasing number of Member States acted as reference Member State . <SEP> Nearly all Member States have now undertaken this important role .
Co-administration of the combination oral contraceptive containing norethindrone and 17 -ethinylestradiol with VIRACEPT resulted in a decrease in AUC of the contraceptive drug; . <SEP> Therefore alternative contraceptive measure should also be considered ( see section 4 ) .
However , dizziness has been reported in some patients during treatment with regimens containing PREZISTA co-administered with 100 mg ritonavir . <SEP> They should be borne in mind when considering a patients ability to drive or operate machinery ( see section 4 . 8 ) .
Powder in a vial ( type I glass ) with a stopper ( fluor-resin laminated butyl rubber ) , a strip ( aluminium ) and a cap ( violet polypropylene flip-off ) . <SEP> And 1 ml of solvent in a vial ( type I glass ) with a stopper ( fluor-resin laminated chlorobutyl elastomer ) , a strip ( lacquered aluminium ) and a cap ( white polypropylene flip-off ) .
Some Marketing Authorisation Holders ( Annex IV ) appealed against the opinion . <SEP> The grounds for appeal were received on 15 April 1996 .
No effects were observed in dogs; however in rats . <SEP> There was an apparent dose-dependent decrease in total and free T4 that was more consistent in the female .
Data from clinical studies showed clinically meaningful treatment effect for the 90mg etoricoxib once daily dose for both RA and AS indications; . <SEP> However , some data are available to indicate that lower doses might also show effect .
It has seen the importance of identifying and focusing on core responsibilities; recognised the value of good communication systems; . <SEP> It become convinced of the need for performance goals and indicators and for transparency about that performance .
Therefore , ProQuad should not be administered to pregnant females; . <SEP> Furthermore , pregnancy should be avoided for 3 months following vaccination ( see sections 4 . 1 , 4 ) .
The import , sale , supply and/ or use of this veterinary medicinal product is or may be prohibited in certain Member States on the whole or part of their territory . <SEP> See package leaflet for further information .
There was an expected moderate ( < 2 fold ) increase in serum concentration as steady state was approached . <SEP> But no unexpected accumulation upon repeated administration .
After reconstitution , the vaccine should be used immediately; . <SEP> However , in-use stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours when refrigerated at 2C-8C .
There have been two reports that busulfan is dialyzable . <SEP> Thus dialysis should be considered in the case of an overdose .
Diacomit may cause dizziness and ataxia that may affect ability to drive and use machines . <SEP> Players should not drive or use machinery whilst on Diacomit therapy .
PritorPlus may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of other medicines . <SEP> You should consult with your doctor if you need to adjust the dose of your other medicine while taking PritorPlus .
Patients received two 1000 mg intravenous infusions of MabThera . <SEP> Each following an intravenous infusion of 100 mg methylprednisone and separated by an interval of 15 days .
PBPC mobilisation should be considered only in donors . <SEP> They meet normal clinical and laboratory eligibility criteria for stem cell donation with special attention to haematological values and infectious disease .
The available data indicate that the rate of clinically relevant infection is unchanged when such therapies are used in patients previously treated with MabThera . <SEP> However , patients should be closely observed for signs of infection if biologic agents and/ or DMARDs are used following MabThera therapy .
Abacavir is primarily metabolised by the liver . <SEP> Approximately 2% of the administered dose are renally excreted , as unchanged compound .
As the quantity of sodium in the maximum daily dose may exceed 200 mg . <SEP> This should be taken into consideration by patients on a controlled sodium diet .
Ibuprofen competes with bilirubin for albumin binding in newborn infant serum . <SEP> As a consequence , the free fraction of bilirubin may be increased at high ibuprofen concentrations .
( a ) Portugal produced evidence that the estimated cost of transferring the Portuguese operations to Malaysia was quite low , taking into account the costs of transporting equipment . <SEP> The compensation paid to workers , the repayment of State subsidies and the gain from the sale of land and buildings .
The advisory procedure should be followed in any case in which it is considered to be the most appropriate; the advisory procedure will continue to be used in those cases where it is used in those cases where it currently applies; the advisory procedure will continue to be used in those cases where it currently applies; the advisory procedure will continue to be used in those cases where it currently applies; the advisory procedure will continue to be used in those cases where it currently applies; the advisory procedure will continue to be used in those cases where it currently
An economic operator paying interest to , or securing interest for , such an entity established in another Member State which is considered a paying agent under this paragraph . <SEP> It shall communicate the name and address of the entity and the total amount of interest paid to , or secured for , the entity to the competent authority of the Member State where the entity is established .
The confidentiality of communications is guaranteed by Article 5 Directive 97/66/EC; . <SEP> In accordance with that Directive , Member States must prohibit any kind of interception or surveillance of such communications by others than the senders and receivers , except when legally authorised .
Whereas the presence of cholera in Albania is likely to constitute a serious danger to public health . <SEP> This requires the rapid adoption at Community level of the necessary protection measures with regard to fishery products and bivalve molluscs .
The steel industry requires to achieve a high level of capacity utilisation to make profits . <SEP> The fall in capacity utilisation reflects the fall in production in 2001 .
The effects of arsenic , cadmium , mercury , nickel and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on human health , including via the food chain , and the environment as a whole , occur through concentrations in ambient air and via deposition; . <SEP> The accumulation of these substances in soils and the protection of ground water should be taken into account .
In order to allow legitimate expectations to be fulfilled for existing stocks of pesticides to be used , the Commission non-inclusion Decisions allowed a phasing out period . <SEP> It is appropriate that MRLs premised on the notion that use of the substance concerned is not authorised in the Community , should not apply until the end of the phasing out period applying to that substance .
In order to determine whether there was a likelihood of continuation of dumping , the Commission investigated the existence of current dumping on exports from the countries concerned to the Community on the grounds that if dumping was taking place . <SEP> Then it was reasonable , in the absence of any information to the contrary , to consider that it would be likely to continue in the future .
A person entering 1000 lines in one day takes exactly the same time as an order from a customer containing two or 100 lines . <SEP> The only difference being that the customer has to be identified for each order from a different customer , which only takes a few seconds .
As mentioned above , it is concluded that there is some link between the fall in exports and the injurious effects observed . <SEP> However , this factor did not influence the fall in profitability which was calculated on the basis of Community sales .
While stocks remained relatively stable with a slight increase , prices declined . <SEP> With an undercutting found of 10 % .
Following a restructuring of the Korean administration , the competent authority for issuing health certificates for fishery products ( NFPIS ) has changed to the "National Fisheries Products Quality Inspection Service ( NFPQIS ) " . <SEP> This new authority is capable of effectively verifying the application of the laws in force .
They also claimed that the rate of corporation tax that should have been applied when EDF's balance sheet was restructured was the 1996 rate ( 36 , 67 % ) not the 1997 rate ( 41 , 66 % ) . <SEP> The restructuring was carried out on the basis for 1996 but before the 1997 accounts were finalised .
On-the-spot checks of areas , as a general rule , consist of two parts . <SEP> The first relates to verifications and measurements of declared agricultural parcels on the basis of graphic material , aireal photography and so forth .
The colorforming reaction is conferred on the paper by the basic chemical molecule . <SEP> In a reaction where , the application of heat or pressure opens up the ring in the basic molecule .
Disease control measures to be applied in the event of outbreaks of avian influenza or Newcastle disease follow the same principles . <SEP> They involve poultry producers , operators of slaughterhouses and rendering plants , veterinarians in the field and diagnostic laboratories .
Once the general debate has been concluded , any Member may give an oral explanation on the final vote for not longer than one minute or give a written explanation of no more than 200 words . <SEP> This shall be included in the verbatim report of proceedings .
Community funding under this Decision shall cease on completion of the implementation phase of an IDA project; . <SEP> However , further funding may exceptionally , and in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 8 , be granted under this Decision in order to cover all or part of the cost of the operation and maintenance of an IDA network until the end of the year in which its implementation is completed .
However , as the liver and kidney are frequently removed from carcasses moving in international trade . <SEP> However residue limits should consequently be established always for muscle or fat tissues .
The injury suffered by the Community industry during this period was caused by dumped imports originating in the Czech Republic , Malaysia , Russia , the Republic of Korea and Slovakia . <SEP> Therefore definitive anti-dumping measures were imposed against these countries in August 2002 ( 12 ) .
To facilitate controls on genetically modified food and feed , applicants for authorisation should propose appropriate methods for sampling , identification and detection . <SEP> authorisation samples of the genetically modified food and feed with the Authority; methods of sampling and detection should be validated , where appropriate , by the Community reference laboratory .
This conclusion cannot be extended to cover the period from January 1992 to July 1994 , during which Adriatica was involved , on this route , in a pact prohibited by Article 81 of the EC Treaty . <SEP> This fact demonstrates that the aid did not correspond to an actual public service requirement .
Without prejudice to the implementation of the provisions set out in Article 3 ( 1 ) , third subparagraph , of the basic Regulation , Member States shall print or have printed forms . <SEP> This bear an indication of the name and address of the printer or a sign allowing its identification .
The duties of the President shall be to open , suspend and close sittings; to rule on the admissibility of amendments , on questions to the Council and Commission . <SEP> On the conformity of reports with these Rules; to ensure observance of these Rules , maintain order , call upon speakers , close debates , put matters to the vote and announce the results of votes; and to refer to committees any communications that concern them .
At present one Member State has reported one case of international trafficking of 2C-T-2 involving two Member States; . <SEP> No international trafficking of 2C-I , 2C-T-7 and TMA 2 has been reported .
A plant grouping consists of entire plants or parts of plants as far as such parts are capable of producing entire plants . <SEP> Both referred to hereinafter as 'variety constituents' .
Such confirmation is necessary in order to permit the detailed examination of the dossier . <SEP> As well as to allow Member States the possibility of granting provisional authorisation for plant protection products containing this active substance in accordance with Article 8 ( 1 ) of the Directive .
Although the investment improves on applicable environmental norms other than COD , it appears that there is no extra investment cost eligible for aid . <SEP> The Commission cannot find any aid for these investments compatible .
In order for it to be authorised by the Commission , restructuring aid must fulfil a second condition . <SEP> These measures must be taken to mitigate as far as possible any adverse effects of the aid on competitors .
The level of these duties were re-imposed as late as December 1999 following a full "sunset" review . <SEP> They ranged up to 154 , 72 % for one company in China .
No management company may engage in activities other than the management of UCITS authorised according to this Directive except the additional management of other collective investment undertakings which are not covered by this Directive . <SEP> The management company is subject to prudential supervision but which cannot be marketed in other Member States under this Directive .
This Decision is a first step towards phasing out completely the obligation to test for hormones each consignment selected for physical checks . <SEP> The Decision will be reviewed on the basis of future test results .
The complaint contained evidence of dumping of the said product and of material injury resulting therefrom . <SEP> This was considered sufficient to justify the initiation of the proceedings .
During that period , weekly invitations shall be issued with quantities . <SEP> During dates as shown in the notice of invitation to tender .
When the customs office of exit establishes a discrepancy in the nature of the goods , it shall refuse exit until the export formalities have been completed . <SEP> It shall also inform the customs office of export .
The product concerned by this investigation is the same as in the previous investigations , namely synthetic staple fibres of polyester , not carded , combed or otherwise processed for spinning; . <SEP> It is commonly referred to as polyester synthetic fibres ( PSF ) and currently classifiable within CN code 5503 20 00 .
During this period , the staff member shall not benefit from any increase in step . <SEP> Nor shall his period of absence on unpaid leave be taken into account in the minimum period stipulated under Article 31 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
In every Member State , two- or three-wheel motor vehicles must , as regards speedometers , display certain technical characteristics laid down as compulsory requirements that vary from Member State to Member State; . <SEP> Such variation constitutes an obstacle to intra-Community trade .
The Community has concluded a further ECSC steel agreement with the Russian Federation concerning trade in certain steel products covered by the European Coal and Steel Community Treaty . <SEP> This take account of developments in the relationship between the Parties ( 2 ) .
This production certificate must be presented within three months of its date of issue . <SEP> The quantities presented to customs for import into the Community free of anti-dumping duty shall not exceed those stipulated on the certificate .
Those working with unaccompanied minors shall have had or receive appropriate training concerning their needs . <SEP> It shall be bound by the confidentiality principle as defined in the national law , in relation to any information they obtain in the course of their work .
Having determined , after consulting the Advisory Committee , that sufficient evidence existed for the initiation of a partial interim review . <SEP> The Commission published a notice in the Official Journal of the European Communities ( 3 ) and commenced an investigation .
Following a Commission mission in October 2004 , subsequent follow-up and guarantees provided by Uruguay . <SEP> The animal and public health situation is now satisfactory so as to allow that country to be included on the list of approved third countries set out in Annex I to Decision 2000/609/EC .
For these reasons , it is considered that there is a correlation between the increase in imports at low prices and the serious injury suffered by the Community producers . <SEP> The increase in imports has had injurious effects in particular in terms of pressure on prices and a reduction in the volume sold by the Community producers on the Community market .
Each Member State shall notify the Commission of the types of establishment authorized to give such a guarantee and of the criteria referred to in the preceding subparagraph . <SEP> The Commission shall in turn inform the other Member States .
Each quarter a statement shall be drawn up showing the situation as regards implementation of the current budget and use of the appropriations carried over; . <SEP> This statement shall be certified by the financial control and forwarded to the Executive Board .
To back up this position , France begins by reminding the Commission of how the idea for Bioscope came about . <SEP> It then gives a practical description of the park project as drawn up by Symbio in conjunction with SMVP .
In its communication of 20 May 1999 entitled "the Status of OCTs associated with the EC and options for 'OCT 2000'" . <SEP> The Commission examined the features and the development of the OCT-EC association since 1957 , noted the basic principles and the current situation of the association and sketched out alternative policies for the period beginning 1 March 2000 .
The Ombudsman shall be assisted by a secretariat . <SEP> The principal officer of which he shall appoint .
To the extent that they are regulated , this Directive includes also liberal professions . <SEP> According to this Directive , those practised on the basis of relevant professional qualifications in a personal , responsible and professionally independent capacity by those providing intellectual and conceptual services in the interest of the client and the public .
No pig may leave the holding before the negative results of the serological tests are available; if none of the pigs has developed antibodies against African swine fever virus , full repopulation may then take place; antibodies against African swine fever virus , full repopulation may then take place; if none of the pigs has developed antibodies against African swine fever virus , full repopulation may then take place; if none of the pigs has developed antibodies against African swine fever virus , full repopulation may then take place against African swine fever virus , full repopulation may then take
The Commission concludes that the complementary set of proxies can be used for a first qualification of the bids . <SEP> To assess whether the bids are for high-function software for large and complex enterprises .
The sole cooperating company in Israel , Jolybar , slits , sheets and converts purchased PET film and sells it as products which fall under the same CN codes as the product concerned . <SEP> It is generally not of Indian origin and therefore it cannot be considered the product concerned .
Notifications shall be made in writing and must reach the competent authority at least 48 hours before the day . <SEP> The operation is to take place .
A series of follow-up missions of the Food and Veterinary Office carried out in Romania . <SEP> The controls carried out by Member States at approved border inspection posts repeatedly revealed shortcomings with regard to the Member States and transported to destination which were not remedied according to the recommendations made in those reports .
Amounts quoted in tenders submitted in response to invitations to tender organised under an instrument forming part of the common agricultural policy shall . <SEP> With the exception of amounts the Community contribution to which is financed from the EAGGF Guidance Section , be expressed in euros .
This Directive should not cover the cofinancing of research and development programmes: research and development contracts other than those where the benefits accrue exclusively to the contracting entity for its use in the conduct of its own affairs . <SEP> On condition that the service provided is wholly remunerated by the contracting entity , are therefore not covered by this Directive .
The terminal values used by the Belgian authorities resulting respectively in internal rates of return of [] are obtained by applying double counting for the items depreciations , provisions , investment and residual asset values including stocks; . <SEP> These are already taken into account in the forecast cash flows .
Debt securities holders shall be contacted in writing to request their consent for the use of electronic means for conveying information . <SEP> If they do not object within a reasonable period of time , their consent shall be deemed to be given .
This provisioning for past pension liabilities constitutes an additional expense in comparison with those incurred by enterprises subject to the ordinary social security rules . <SEP> This finance pension schemes by way of contributions in discharge of their obligations and do not therefore have to set aside provisions for such liabilities .
Cape Verde is a least-developed and an island ACP State . <SEP> The derogation is expected to have a positive economic and social impact especially in respect of employment in Cape Verde .
Pursuant to Directive 2002/60/EC , Italy has submitted for approval a plan for the eradication of African swine fever in feral pigs in the region of Sardinia . <SEP> It also includes measures to prevent spread of disease in domestic pigs .
Contracts shall be awarded on the basis of the criteria laid down in Chapter 3 of this Title , taking into account Article 19 . <SEP> After the suitability of the contractors not excluded under Article 24 has been checked by contracting authorities in accordance with the criteria of economic and financial standing and of technical knowledge or ability referred to in Articles 26 to 29 .
On 6 January 2004 , the Commission received a request pursuant to Article 23 ( 2 ) of the basic Regulation ( the request ) from the Community producers DuPont Teijin Films , Mitsubishi Polyester Film GmbH and Nuroll SpA ( the applicants ) to investigate . <SEP> The alleged circumvention of the countervailing measures imposed on imports of PET film originating in India .
To that end , the annual contribution from each Member State shall be established on the basis of the gross national product ( GNP ) . <SEP> According to the scale used for determining the GNP element in own resources for financing the general budget of the European Union .
The Member States shall authorise the importation from Canada of fresh meat of domestic swine conforming to the certification conditions laid down in the model certificate set out in Annex II . <SEP> It is accompanied by such a certificate duly completed and issued before departure of the consignment from Canada .
In conclusion , the Commission finds , firstly , that over the period 1988 to 1994 the public funds paid by the French authorities to France 2 and France 3 were lower than the cost of their public service activity . <SEP> And secondly that there is no conclusive evidence of anticompetitive behaviour by the public broadcasters on the market in the sale of advertising slots .
However , the Commission has already indicated that compensation is not necessary for the period from January 1992 to July 1994 . <SEP> During which Adriatica took part in a prohibited pact .
The appropriations in their entirety shall be earmarked for specific purposes by title and chapter; . <SEP> The chapters shall be further subdivided into articles and items .
On a unitary board , one way to ensure this is that the roles of chairman and chief executive are separate; in the case of unitary and dual boards . <SEP> One option may be that the chief executive does not immediately become the chairman of the ( supervisory ) board .
It was also claimed that , should the scheme be found to be countervailable , only actual excess remissions should be used as a basis for the calculation of the benefit . <SEP> The Commission should have examined whether there was in fact an excess drawback of import charges on inputs consumed in the production process .
The first , marked 'original` and bearing the number 1 , shall be issued to the applicant and the second , marked 'copy for the competent authority` and bearing the number 2 , shall be kept by the issuing authority . <SEP> Whereas the third marked 'copy for the customs supervising office , as defined in Article 13 .
Provisional duties shall be secured by a guarantee . <SEP> The release of the products concerned for free circulation in the Community shall be conditional upon the provision of such guarantee .
The Commission shall submit , by the end of 1991 . <SEP> A report on the operation of the system , including a re-examination of the correction of budgetary imbalances granted to the United Kingdom , established by this Decision .
Commission Decision 2002/470/EC of 20 June 2002 lays down special conditions for the import of bivalve molluscs , echinoderms , tunicates and marine gastropods originating in Japan ( 7 ) . <SEP> Therefore Decision 97/20/EC should be amended to include this country in part I of the list .
The supporting documents regarding the expenditure financed and the amounts to be recovered by the EAGGF Guarantee Section , shall be kept at the disposal of the Commission for at least three years following that in which the Commission clears the accounts of the financial year concerned . <SEP> In the case where the clearance of accounts decision is the subject of proceedings before the Court of Justice of the European Communities , up to one year after the conclusion of those proceedings .
On the basis of the mission report and further information provided by the Slovakian Competent Veterinary Authorities , the health status of swine in Slovakia appears to be satisfactory as regards classical swine fever in domestic swine; . <SEP> However , there are a number of designated areas where infection exists in wild boars .
For practical reasons , a rate that approximates the actual rate at the date of the transaction is often used . <SEP> For example , an average rate for a week or a month might be used for all transactions in each foreign currency occurring during that period .
The same Articles provide that it is also important to ensure equilibrium and the natural development of prices and trade on the markets in cereals and rice . <SEP> And , furthermore , to take into account the economic aspect of the proposed exports , and the need to avoid disturbances on the Community market .
Sales of total REWS units made by the Community industry on the Community market fell over the period 1994 to 1996 . <SEP> But then increased in line with the Euro-effect as explained at recital 34 .
Community comparative trials and tests should be carried out from the year 2002 to 2004 on propagating material harvested in 2001 . <SEP> The details for such trials and tests should also be set out .
The condition as set out in paragraph 1 ( b ) of the Annex provided for Bombardier to enter into a Joint Development Agreement with ETR for cooperation between these two companies until 2006 . <SEP> In relation to the tram "CityRunner Type Linz" , for which ETR supplies the electrical traction , thereby allowing ETR to continue to be active in the market for trams .
In exceptional cases where the draft assessment report clearly does not fulfil those requirements . <SEP> The Commission shall agree with the EFSA and the rapporteur Member State on a period for resubmission of an amended report which shall not exceed three months .
Any notices to be given hereunder shall be given to the Commission and shall be communicated electronically within the integrated network set up for this purpose . <SEP> Unless for imperative technical reasons it is necessary to use other means of communication temporarily .
Member States shall have 22 days to forward their written observations on the draft decision to the Commission; . <SEP> However , if a decision has to be taken urgently , a shorter time-limit may be set by the Chairman according to the degree of urgency involved .
.
Member States which can demonstrate , after the Directive has been brought into force , that there are substantial problems for the operation of their small isolated systems , may apply for derogations from the relevant provisions of Chapters IV , V , VI , VII , as well as Chapter III . <SEP> This may be granted to them by the Commission .
if necessary , the official services of neighbouring Member States or third countries must be informed of the suspected case; in that event . <SEP> The official services of the Member States involved shall take appropriate action to apply the measures laid down in this Article .
As explained in the analysis of the second condition , the authorities did not carry out any advance analysis of the costs or of whether or not they were compatible with this standard . <SEP> They confined themselves to providing compensation for the actual costs incurred by the operator in question .
On written request the Member State concerned shall provide the Commission , within a period of 20 working days , or such longer period as may be fixed in the request . <SEP> With all the information that the Commission considers necessary for assessing whether the conditions of this Regulation have been complied with , in particular the total amount of de minimis aid received by any enterprise .
Since it would be expensive and disruptive to have a toll booth at each end of the tunnel for each Member State to collect their share of the toll . <SEP> tolls are collected as a whole at the entrance of the tunnel .
The application referred to in paragraph 1 shall specify the activity . <SEP> The building will be used and give any other information that will enable the customs authorities to evaluate the grounds for granting the authorization .
The proceeding was initiated as a result of a complaint lodged on 6 July 2000 by SRAM Deutschland GmbH . <SEP> This represents a major proportion of the Community production of IGH .
The Commission has accordingly sought to ensure an overall contraction in the volume of business in line with its practice in the past . <SEP> Above all , also an effective reduction in the banks presence on the markets , having regard to the effects of the measures proposed on the individual lines of business .
In the case of concentrated butter with a minimum butterfat content of less than 99 , 8 % . <SEP> The aforesaid quantities shall be reduced proportionally by 1 , 23 kg and 1 , 26 kg respectively per percent difference between the minimum butterfat content of the concentrated butter produced and the aforesaid figure of 99 , 8 % .
In 2001 , production destined for sales declined by 7 % to 1 , 92m tonnes so that , relative to production sold on the free market . <SEP> In increased by over 32 % ( to 9 , 8 % of production sold on the free market ) .
It was consequently concluded that the claim for an adjustment with regard to start-up costs was contradictory . <SEP> Not confirmed by any evidence and was therefore rejected .
In particular , it considers that the conditions laid down in the programme act in respect of towage . <SEP> In particular the criteria "at sea with a clearance certificate" , are insufficient to prevent unfair competition within the Community in the port towage sector , asking the Commission to extend the formal investigation procedure also to this aspect of the programme act .
Member States shall take appropriate and practicable measures to reduce the risk of transmission of avian influenza from birds living in the wild to susceptible birds kept in zoos . <SEP> Taking into account the criteria and risk factors set out in Annex I .
The contribution of the new Member shall be calculated on the basis of the share allotted to that Member and of the unexpired portion of the year in question at the time of the accession of the new Member . <SEP> The assessments made upon the other Members for that calendar year shall not be altered .
Two of these producers support the proceeding . <SEP> The third one did not express any opinion regarding the proceeding .
The occurrence of avian influenza infections with virus of low pathogenicity has considerably decreased in the last few months; . <SEP> However , it appears appropriate to prolong the vaccination programme for a further six months protecting the population against a re-introduction of the infection .
Centrifugal-casting production has been continued in the context of the insolvency proceedings . <SEP> It is intended that the receiver , with the consent of the committee of creditors , will sell it to a new investor through an asset deal .
In this respect , it should be noted that the conditions for initiation . <SEP> In particular the 25 % and 50 % thresholds of Article 10 ( 8 ) , were met and , therefore , the initiation of the investigation was warranted .
For raw cereals other than maize , no data have been submitted and therefore the maximum levels established for cereals intended for direct human consumption should apply as from 1 July 2001 . <SEP> Also to cereals to be subjected to sorting or other physical treatment before human consumption or use as an ingredient in foodstuffs .
When the authority has granted the export licence , copy 1 shall be kept by that authority . <SEP> The remaining copies shall be returned to the holder of the export licence or to his authorized representative .
It was therefore considered that this particular product type was sold in insufficient quantities for the domestic prices to provide an appropriate basis for the establishment of the normal value . <SEP> Another method had to be applied .
Community comparative trials and tests should be carried out in the year 2005 on propagating and planting material harvested in 2004 . <SEP> The details of such trials and tests , the eligible costs as well as the maximum Community financial contribution should also be set out yearly by an agreement signed by the authorised officer of the Commission and the body responsible for carrying out of trials .
SPF eggs are not speficically definied as such in Community legislation . <SEP> Therefore a specific definition has to be laid down .
Meanwhile , the Commission will pay particular attention to the import prices of urea originating in Russia . <SEP> The attention of the customs authorities is drawn to this issue .
A joint management committee ( hereinafter referred to as 'the Committee` ) consisting of representatives of the Parties shall be established . <SEP> This shall consider any matters relating to the Agreement and shall examine all matters which may arise in relation to its implementation .
By means of Decision 2002/304/EC ( 3 ) , the Commission approved the programmes with a view to obtaining the status of approved zones and of approved farms in non-approved zones . <SEP> With regard to one or more of the fish diseases viral haemorrhagic septicaemia ( VHS ) and infectious haematopoietic necrosis ( IHN ) , including a programme for all continental and coastal areas of Finland .
The Commission received comments from third parties , which were forwarded to the French authorities by letter dated 11 February 2003 . <SEP> The French authorities replied by letter dated 9 April 2003 .
The German authorities have informed the Commission on the re-occurrence during October 2005 of the disease in feral pigs in certain areas of North Rhine-Westfalia . <SEP> They have amended the plans for the eradication of classical swine fever and the emergency vaccination of feral pigs against classical swine fever accordingly and notified it to the Commission .
The initial contribution of any member which becomes a Party to this Agreement after its entry into force shall be assessed by the Council on the basis of the share allotted to that member and of the unexpired portion of the year in question . <SEP> The assessments made upon the other members for that calendar year shall not be altered .
Member States shall bring into force the laws , regulations and administrative provisions needed in order to comply with this Directive by 31 July 1993 . <SEP> Except for railways for which the date of implementation will be decided later .
Member States shall bring into force the laws , regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive before 8 April 2001 . <SEP> And shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof .
The Community producers market share increased from 26 , 5 % in 2000 to 28 , 1 % in 2001 and remained at about this level in 2002 . <SEP> It then fell by 1 , 9 percentage points ( or 6 , 7 % ) to 26 , 1 % in 2003 , its lowest level in the period considered .
In their letter dated 16 September 2002 , the Greek authorities requested an extension of the deadline to respond to the comments of interested parties . <SEP> They informed the Commission that the Greek Government contemplated the abolition of the contested State aid measures , by law .
As regards the upgrading argument , this question is considered to be irrelevant for the question of recurrence of injury . <SEP> It has been determined that all types of 3 , 5" microdisks , including those for which there currently is production in the People's Republic of China , are products alike to those produced by the Community industry and that consequently these products are in competition with each other .
Investment banking would in future no longer be a strategic focus or target product of the capital market business . <SEP> This would concentrate on fields with a high yield potential , such as customer business with share , interest and credit products and , to a lesser extent , ownaccount business , and would diminish still further in its importance .
On 15 November 2004 the Council adopted Decision 2004/767/CFSP [2] . <SEP> This amended the list contained in the Annex to Common Position 2004/694/CFSP .
Undertakings required to maintain separate accounts are undertakings that enjoy special or exclusive rights granted by a Member State as referred to in Article 86 ( 1 ) of the Treaty . <SEP> They are entrusted with the operation of a service of general economic interest as referred to in Article 86 ( 2 ) of the Treaty and receive State aid in any form whatsoever in relation to such service and that carry on other activities .
70 % of the quantities referred to in Article 2 ( 3 ) ( 1 ) ( b ) must be withdrawn from stock before 1 July in the year of implementation; . <SEP> This requirement shall not apply to allocations of 500 tonnes or less , however .
A Community veterinary mission has show , that the structure and organisation of the competent authority responsible for the approval of the establishments are sufficient and that the powers available to that competent authority guarantees that it can provide the implementation of Community rules; . <SEP> These checks included on-the-spot inspection in the establishment appearing on the list which have shown that the hygiene standards of this establishment are sufficient .
A clean and healthy environment is essential for the well-being and prosperity of society . <SEP> Yet continued growth at a global level will lead to continuing pressures on the environment .
If at least 20 % of the cartons of a particular cut are found to be in breach , the whole day's production of that particular cut shall be rejected by the intervention agency . <SEP> No payment shall be due; the boning plant shall pay the intervention agency an amount equal to the price shown in Annex VIII for the cuts that have been rejected .
The figure obtained , multiplied by 12 and rounded up to the next whole number . <SEP> They shall constitute the number of months on which compensatory interest shall be applicable .
The Administrative Council shall hold an ordinary meeting once a year; . <SEP> In addition , it shall meet on the initiative of its Chairman or at the request of the Commission or of one-third of the Member States .
A Community-wide framework is necessary in order to ensure coherence between national approaches in attaining the objectives stated above . <SEP> Particularly with a view to the design of vehicles for recycling and recovery , to the requirements for collection and treatment facilities , and to the attainment of the targets for reuse , recycling and recovery , taking into account the principle of subsidiarity and the polluter-pays principle .
If legal aid is granted , it must cover the entire proceeding , including expenses incurred in having a judgment enforced; . <SEP> The recipient should continue receiving this aid if an appeal is brought either against or by the recipient in so far as the conditions relating to the financial resources and the substance of the dispute remain fulfilled .
The Commission shall draw up a report on the operation of this Regulation before the end of the fourth year following its entry into force and shall . <SEP> On that basis , assess whether any adaptation of the Regulation is desirable .
It backs this up with extracts from the concession which emphasise generally the social and educational aims of Bioscope . <SEP> Other extracts dealing more specifically with the prices to be charged for certain categories of visitor ( children accompanied by their parents , school groups , elderly people ) .
In accordance with Article 11 ( 9 ) of the basic Regulation , the Commission used the same methodology as in the original investigation . <SEP> So normal value was determined on the basis of information obtained in a market economy third country ( the analogue country ) .
( b ) in at least 20 % of those slaughterhouses which have been approved beforehand according to particular criteria of reliability to be determined by the Member States and are selected on the basis of a risk analysis . <SEP> In which case the controls shall cover a sample of 2 % of the total number of bovine animals which have been slaughtered in the slaughterhouse concerned during the 12 months prior to the on-the-spot check .
Before the end of 2005 , the Commission shall submit to the European Parliament . <SEP> To the Council an evaluation report on the application of the measure referred to in this Article , accompanied if applicable by appropriate proposals .
The Commission here believes that internalisation of costs is a priority objective that can be achieved in various ways , including by way of instruments based on market laws or those based on a regulatory approach . <SEP> These being the most effective tools for achieving the objectives described above .
Given the lack of cooperation from Indonesian exporters , the price comparison was made on the basis of Eurostat data duly adjusted for customs duties and post importation costs . <SEP> At the same level of trade , to Community producers' ex-works prices .
All items of income and expenditure of the Institute shall be included in estimates to be drawn up for each financial year , which shall correspond to the calendar year . <SEP> This shall be shown in the budget of the Institute , which shall include a list of the staff .
Only one address should preferably be indicated for each party to proceedings; where several addresses are indicated . <SEP> Only the address mentioned first shall be taken into account , except where the party to proceedings designates one of the other addresses as an address for service .
Community cooperation shall take place in a spirit of dialogue reflecting the genuine cultural differences which affect the perception of drug-related problems . <SEP> This being crucial to ensure the social and political viability of drug control strategies .
Estimates of all the Agency's revenue and expenditure shall be prepared for each financial year , which shall correspond to the calendar year . <SEP> They shall be shown in the Agency's budget , which shall include an establishment plan .
During the year 2000 , the Commission , after consulting the competent Portuguese authorities , shall examine the effects of the measures adopted on the development of the free zones of the Azores and Madeira . <SEP> And shall , if necessary , submit appropriate proposals .
For cereals and products of plant origin including fruit and vegetables , residue levels reflect the use of minimum quantities of pesticides necessary to achieve effective protection of plants . <SEP> This is applied in such a manner that the amount of residue is both as low as practicable and toxicologically acceptable , having regard in particular to the protection of the environment and to the protection of the consumers notably in terms of the estimated dietary intake by consumers .
Unless the journey is made by air , the amount shall be reimbursed at a flat rate . <SEP> This is limited to the cost of the second-class rail fare , without supplements .
This should cover all plant , microbial and animal genetic resources that are or could prove useful for agriculture and rural development . <SEP> These include forest genetic resources , in line with the needs of the CAP , with a view to conserving genetic resources and increasing the use of under-utilised breeds and varieties in agricultural production .
The criteria relating to inland ports should be supplemented by criteria concerning either the nature of their equipment or the volume of traffic . <SEP> Those ports should be shown , by way of indication , on maps .
Article 15 of Directive 85/384/EEC ( 20 ) provides for a derogation during a transitional period that has now expired . <SEP> That provision should be deleted .
The Commission cannot accept the argument concerning the schemes limited effects on competition . <SEP> The fact that the measure remains in force for only one year does not rule out the possibility that the amounts involved may be large enough to have significant effects on certain markets .
By 31 December 2000 , and every two years thereafter , the Commission shall present a report , accompanied if appropriate by proposals . <SEP> On the operation of this Regulation to the European Parliament and the Council .
Where an individual producer or producer organisation fails to comply , in particular , with the obligation to deliver laid down in the fourth indent of Article 5 ( 1 ) . <SEP> The aid shall not be paid or , if it has been paid already , shall be recovered in accordance with Article 14 of Commission Regulation ( EEC ) No 3887/92 ( 12 ) ; the aid shall not be paid or , if it has been paid already , shall be recovered in accordance with Article 14 of Commission Regulation ( EEC ) No 3887/92 (
Accordingly , it was found that any one specific feature did not render the allegedly special PSF different . <SEP> Therefore , they all should be covered by the scope of the present proceeding .
In order to authorise a plant protection product , Member States must apply the uniform principles provided for in Annex VI to Directive 91/414/EEC in evaluating . <SEP> In particular , a dossier conforming to the requirements of Annex III to Directive 91/414/EEC , submitted by the applicant for authorisation .
As was pointed out in recital 29 , the Commission will not give its opinion in this decision about SIDE's complaint based on Articles 81 and 82 of the Treaty . <SEP> Since this question is the subject of a separate examination .
Whereas , to protect the physical well-being and property of the consumer , the defectiveness of the product should be determined by reference not to its fitness for use but to the lack of the safety which the public at large is entitled to expect; whereas the safety is assessed by excluding any misuse of the product not reasonable under the circumstances; of the safety which the public at large is entitled to expect; whereas the safety is assessed by excluding any misuse of the product not reasonable under the circumstances; of the safety which the public at large is
Article 280 , inserted in the EC Treaty by the Treaty of Amsterdam , provided a new institutional framework for the fight against fraud; . <SEP> It provides in particular for powers to be shared between the Community and the Member States and for close and regular cooperation between the competent authorities of the Community and the Commission for the protection of the financial interests of the Community .
This reduction shall be subject to the condition that the applicant explicitly commits itself in its environmental policy to ensure full compliance of its Eco-labelled products with the Eco-label criteria throughout the period of validity of the contract . <SEP> This commitment is appropriately incorporated into the detailed environmental objectives .
Consolidation is planned to be mainly achieved by an increase in the revenue ratio from a low base . <SEP> The expenditure side also contributing from 2005 .
Member States shall check whether the undertaking referred to in Article 3 ( 2 ) has been fulfilled . <SEP> By periodic on-the-spot inspections in such a way that each holding is inspected at least every five years .
Absence from statistical files includes the non-recording in statistical files of economically active units registered with the fiscal or social security authorities . <SEP> It has a counterpart in the recording in statistical files of units which are no longer economically active .
A realistic , reproducible method enabling the noise arising from contact between tyres and road surfaces to be measured has been developed; on the basis of that new method of measurement . <SEP> A study has been carried out in order to produce a numerical value for the sound level representing the tyre-road noise generated by various types of tyres fitted to various types of motor vehicle .
The competent authority responsible for the checks in slaughterhouses shall provide to the Commission at the latest on 25 of each month . <SEP> A report in accordance with the format in Annex V which shall cover the checks carried out during the preceding month and the measures taken to remedy detected animal health and welfare shortcomings .
The programme calls for the CAP to be applied in that region and provides for special measures to be adopted . <SEP> In particular to improve the conditions in which agricultural products are produced and marketed there and to mitigate the effects of its exceptional geographical situation and constraints as since recognised in Article 299 ( 2 ) of the Treaty .
It is necessary to set up a procedure to carry out technical amendments to the annexes to this Guideline in an effective manner . <SEP> It provided that such amendments neither change the underlying conceptual framework nor affect the reporting burden .
After the discovery of this residue finding , the authorities in the United States of America reinforced their hormone-free cattle programme in June 1999 . <SEP> In the face of further problems in this programme identified in the course of a mission to the United States by the Food and Veterinary Office of the Commission , the hormone-free programme was suspended in September 1999 , in an enhanced form as the non-hormone-treated cattle programme .
If , however , no such agreement is reached on sharing the information . <SEP> The Commission may decide to disclose information necessary to avoid repeating toxicological tests on vertebrates , while ensuring a reasonable balance between the interests of the parties concerned .
Notification shall be made even where no application has been submitted in a Member State: . <SEP> It shall state that no submission has been received within the period referred to in Article 4 ( 3 ) .
Article 13 of the basic Regulation aims to counter circumvention practices without affecting operators which can prove that they are not involved in such practices . <SEP> But it does not contain a specific provision providing for the treatment of producers which could establish that they are not involved in circumvention practices .
The purchaser must , before withdrawing the oil , pay to the intervention agency the provisional amount of the selling price . <SEP> These shall be calculated by multiplying the quantity indicated as contained in the lot by the price offered for the lot .
The Commission notes that such a distortion seems to be inherent in the very nature of the project in question but has accepted distortions of this kind in other cases involving transport infrastructures . <SEP> In its view , the benefits of such projects outweighed those distortions .
Before the Member State reaches its decision it shall . <SEP> Except where there is imminent risk , ask the sponsor and/or the investigator for their opinion , to be delivered within one week .
EUPOL Kinshasa shall enjoy the right to unrestricted communication by radio ( including satellite , mobile or hand-held radio ) , telephone , telegraph , facsimile and other means , as well as the right to install . <SEP> For the purpose of the Mission , the necessary means for maintaining such communications within and between EUPOL Kinshasa facilities , including the laying of cables and ground lines , in accordance with the regulations of the Host Party .
MRLs for pesticides should be kept under review . <SEP> It may be changed to take account of new information and data .
On 11 July 2002 the Romanian authorities provided the revised list of eligible expenditure in conformity with Article 4 ( 1 ) , Section B of the MAFA . <SEP> This did not give rise to objections by the Commission .
Specifically , consumers should enjoy a minimum level of legal certainty in respect of their contractual relations with their direct telephone service provider . <SEP> Such that the contractual terms , conditions , quality of service , condition for termination of the contract and the service , compensation measures and dispute resolution are specified in their contracts .
No modification of the apparatus or the grading method may be authorised except by means of a new Commission Decision adopted in the light of experience gained; . <SEP> For this reason , the present authorisation may be revoked .
Taking into account the specific needs , capabilities and constraints of the OCT , financial assistance should be granted to the OCT as budgetary support . <SEP> This provided the OCT management of public expenditure presents sufficient transparency , accountability and effectiveness .
When the information has become available after the consent has been given , the competent authority shall within 60 days after receipt of the new information . <SEP> When its assessment report indicating whether and how the conditions of the consent should be amended or the consent should be terminated to the competent authorities of the other Member States .
The imported product and the Community product were both perceived by consumers as alternatives to satisfy a particular want or demand . <SEP> In this respect the differences identified by certain exporters and importers were simply minor variations .
It is necessary to specify who may lodge a complaint . <SEP> The information that such a complaint should contain; a complaint should be rejected where there is insufficient evidence of injury to proceed .
This registration system should in principle not be based upon substantive examination as to compliance with requirements for protection prior to registration . <SEP> Thereby keeping to a minimum the registration and other procedural burdens on applicants .
Imports of meat from other Member States amount to approximately 16 % of all meat consumed in France . <SEP> They are mainly intended for home catering .
Priority in the step-by-step approach was given to taxes , actual social contributions and social benefits other than social transfers in kind . <SEP> As categories representing reliable indicators of trends in public finances that are already available on time ( first step ) .
In the years after 2005 , the budgetary outcome could be worse than projected in the programme . <SEP> The general government deficit is likely to remain below 3 % of GDP .
The Commission has negotiated on behalf of the Community an agreement to extend for one year the existing Agreement and protocols on trade in textile products with the Republic of Belarus . <SEP> With quantitative limits adjusted to take into account annual growth rates and Belarussian demand for some categories .
